---
layout: post
title: Vulnerability
date: 2017-05-11 20:53:03
---

Trying to talk about people whom I care about is always rather awkward for me. I don't think of others as being very close no matter how much I think I want that to be true. Maybe something like the comfort for the soul of having intimacy without the work and the fear of vulnerability. That is what you really want. The agonizingly raw and honest truth that needs to spill out, and the fears of judgement. To be seen as less than you currently are. Does that really matter, or is it just your ego. You trust them. her, him. It really is some difficulty to initiate those things. If only it were as simple as "hey, time for the deep stuff, ready, set, go." But part of your world is so small and constricted mainly because of the opening up. Like the unexplored future with deep and painful vulnerability is so much in view, that it scares me now, even when it isn't real yet. Or even if it won't actually be as awful as my imagination makes it out to be. To be able to fall into that comfort, to take people as helping hands, and not ego boosters. Maybe that's the critical piece, because a lot of your relationships land on others telling you how smart you are, and that does tend to bother you a little bit, maybe it is that kind of thought that needs to be driven out and replaced. People as confidantes, as helpers in your life. Though bolstering your ego is nice, and helpful, but maybe there is more to be gotten. Much much more. We only need to put aside a few small blocks and walk onwards into pain and vulnerability.