---
layout: post
title: R & R
date: 2017-07-06 13:58:28
---

I don't have too much to do here, but "progress" is good. Or as it is, just the flow of life itself. I would still think making people a goal is rather odd if said aloud. 
Though most of my time has been spent just relaxing with not much to do. In many ways it is a very nice break from myself. To pull back from busyness and just let my mind process the world for a bit. I think forcing myself to relax more and calm down is definitely good for self control as a small step, as these problems are not mine to solve, but only to endure the anxiousness. It does help put some perspective in for my own life though, in having similar problems laid bare before me without my own connection to them. It makes it eaiser to catalog and pick apart the problems that I can see. 

Well at least things are better in terms of familial closeness. Being able to talk is always a nice point in any relationship. And even if the little one is still incorrigible, it is much more understandeable once we try to dig into why it might be that way. Including lots of forgiveness and understanding. We know it is not our problem, and that we could try to affect some change in her personality, but where would you be overstepping your bounds on letting someone be, and changing them away from who they are? As my personality is a lot less of forcing my beliefs upon others in how they should live their life, there begs the question of where the line is, and how one goes about staying on the right side. To change someone or to respect their personality. Tough questions all around. 