---
layout: post
title: Rekindle
date: 2017-12-10 22:34:57
---

Well I haven't written in here for awhile now. 
I think I had a lot of ideas on my mind from thanksgiving 
Some time was needed to let that digest, though there is always more things to think about besides that.

I got my favor and she told me there was nothing going on between us. And I was happy immediately then, before it sinks into my core, because I checked off the nuber one thing from my checklist. In that moment I felt so light and free that my whole being was releasing some tension that I had built up since the summer. 

And now, it feels like I've cut loose all of these unhealthy ties. These lines that I send out because I don't want to live for myself. that this thing that is myself is not worth the efforts to fix. And that having that last, "I want to be a better person because then she might like me" irrationality cut loose, there's nothing left. 
I'm not living for my parents such that they will be proud of me.
I'm not living for my friends and what thy might think of me. 
I'm not doing my life for anything. It currently just feels like I'm coasting. 

And that solarcar craziness takes a few specific types of people. The crazy ones with nothing more exciting, who either hate themselves or love the project that much. 
That doesn't always work out for team composition. 

But.
Now this means I need to find some goal within, some source of meaning for myself. 
Am I living for money? Fame? Success? or charity or love or romance, I think I want none of those, but then what.

And then things like comfort and the easy life, sipping mai tais on the beach. 

Directionless.

But facing down and needing to face down these inner demons regardless. 

Some new initiatives are to try nobnom for a month and maybe stop biting my finternails. 

To defuse a couple of my bad habits. To clean out the small failures that make mediocrity that much easier to reach. Just like turnstile hopping.

Well this was a jumble. 
Maybe I should try to unload more often.