---
layout: post
title: Empty
date: 2017-06-20 23:15:19
---

Empty. And alone?
But does it really have to be so?

Maybe I feel bad about the whole situation, as I probably should feel. Whereas she has her rebound to try avoiding the thoughts and the pain, I just sort of wallow in them for a bit. and I think that makes me stronger, if I dive headfirst into the pain and work through it rather than avoid. To fill in the swamps of my mind, rather than walk around and run away. 

I definitely feel kind of bad for breaking someone so much, but then was it avoidable? is it my fault? My consolation is that it isn't necessarily me, but that in my brokenness, I choose the wrong types of people Like I tried saying once, broken attracts broken. And so maybe it is not necessarily my fault, but somehow the natural order of things, but also, then isn't life up to my interpretation, that I blame myself because I believe it to be so, and if I did not think so, it could be just as true to me as well?

But she wronged you in so many subtle ways, so much so that it never seemed to be her fault, but always yours. That you were not committed enough, that you were broken and not ready enough. That I was the world's revenge for her immaturity in her past relationships. That somehow, it would only ever be her fault if she was trying to get me back, but never ever otherwise. It was that web of deceit that kept me so long, because honestly the good times were pretty awesome, but then after a point, those times have to change, and the slightest breeze of time made the entire castle collapse. Her reasoning that we were just so good for each other, that things could be perfect if only I wanted them to be, if only I willed it to be. But none of that was true, and life is more than happy moments, more than the simple pleasures and mindless moments of bliss. There is real work to be done, and real challenges to be faced, nothing this kind of rug could ever hide away. 

There is not much need then to dwell here, and no shame in moving away. Things could have been a little better, but then they could not have. The love was but a ghost of something truer. And the pain you caused her? well it is real pain, but in some ways, it is not your fault, not completely. There will always be some amount of responsibility that I carry for feeling my own pain, for letting myself be rattled or shaken by things that happen to me. And that how I respond to these is entirely in my control, and in my power to change. Say if my parents died in an accident tomorrow, nobody would blame me for being sad, or grieve and retreat from the world and lie down in bed and refuse to get back up. But whose fault would those actions be? Is it the world forcing me to live my life that way? No. 

So, everything in the end, the hurt is not my fault, but my hurt was my fault, and the product of my broken pieces, hers the same. Some bitter longing to be loved always. Something that mere humans cannot happen to do. That connecting the weight of her self-esteem to my love, to anyone else's love. That is not my fault.  And it seems that a lot of people in the world will do so. A whole lot of people will measure themselves based on what others think of them, to varying degrees, and who can blame them? But the best of us, we know or hopefully we do, that what I am, what you are, will always be good enough. 

I think it's time to move on. There is not much else to do, and any of her pain from here, is not yours to worry about, is not your responsibility in any way. And especially from this place, it is exceedingly difficult to tell someone that they are living their life incorrectly, so then it is good to let it go.

Let it go, it is not you, does not define you, will not define you.

