---
layout: post
title: Points
date: 2017-09-23 22:19:41
---

Going through the Kaizen book now and trying to spend some time thinking rather than playing too much starcraft. Well that plan is failing and there's only a little bit of time spent thinking, but it does exist. We're still thinking about moving on from unrequited love, but its going to be a slow process. Something about it being an ugly form of desire, but while not demonizing it because it is something that is a part of me. 

Kaizen is still interesting, about taking super small steps towards a goal such that the mind can never seize up in fear about what is going to transpire. To leave our thinking brain open and active by silently creeping by some very fear inducing thoughts. 

The other thing is about "people points" or how someone writing an article put it for how you find your emotional stability by establishing a wide support network and draw on them all occasionally or not as deeply, or if as a weirdo who can't deal with too many friends, or doesn't end up liking more than a few of the many many acquaintances, it's possible to go very deep for a few and then fulfill the need for relationship points or people points that way. Which is the idea that we all need a similar amount of connectedness, where in this world there exist sad old people who die alone, and die much earlier than more connected people who still feel needed by others around them. To be like a withered branch covered by other leaves. Superfluous and unnecessary, or to, through advanced age, be a fountain of wisdom or happiness in other people's lives still. 

In that way we want our life to live longer, and happier. That's the whole goal of this anyways right?

To end up better than the parents that I was born to by learning from others, the world, and reading, and watching, and thinking and feeling things out for myself. To find my stability and ability to reach out and confide in others. Mostly to trust in vulnerablity. And thus is one way to try to get more "success" and more "happiness" because I don't see it with my parents at home. 

But that's all getting ahead of myself, since that's all more long term. 

But the points things right now, I only really have James, and then Starcrafting with Kevin and Alex. 
Though, actually it's better than it's been sometimes. 