---
layout: post
title: Alone
date: 2017-06-12 23:37:47
---

I think in my life, I feel so very alone. It probably is a product of my upbringing? or of some innate distrust for other people. I would think it began back in elementary with the hospital situation and not really having anyone to share in my sorrow and my pain. To feel as if nobody really cared for me and that I would be left all alone while others attend to more important or more urgent matters. That is the story that I keep coming back to though, what does it really mean to me that something happened in my life nearly 15 years ago? Why does it still have power over me, to regulate and steer my behavior into places that I really do not want to be. Or maybe it is that I always push people away when they begin to get too close, that it somehow is a gut reaction to keep myself intact and alive, yet so alone. I guess being in an apartment all alone doesn't really help that feeling of disconnection. And then there is the feeling of not having any more time left in the day to do thing, and then squandering it when I do. I guess that is my vicious circle of spending the time I could use to be connected, and find new people, rather than sit on my ass at home and do the things that I am so comfortable with doing already. It's this feeling of being stuck inside my comfort zone again. Now how do we train ourselves to enjoy pushing at its boundaries? how do we work on popping holes into it so it will expand?  I guess that is a question to be answered sooner rather than later.

Also, is this love? I really hope so, but I wish you well, even if you do not want me in your life, I already knew that it would probably be better this way anyways, but could never figure out how to make it so. I know I am currently a shitty human being, who doesn't deserve a lot of things, but I hope I can work on it so that I do, or that I at least will believe that I do. I hope you do find someone that works for you, though I'm not so sure it will happen easily. And on another note, you should really think about getting out of there, your parents, though I thought they were awesome at first, don't hold up to the stress test. Just like Leda fails the stress test spectacularly. Your parents fail with flying colors as well. And for me, my current prescription for toxicity is to leave it behind while I figure things out and build myself some armor against it, before going back.
