---
layout: post
title: Broken
date: 2017-03-08 20:27:31
---

I don't know what is wrong with me
I feel useless and alone and maybe neglected, or broken or what
I guess for me it feels like a vicious cycle, to feel unworthy makes me less inclined to do things that make me feel more worthy
and so doing makes things better, running out into the world and facing its challenges makes me feel accomplished and alive and together. More whole than I think I am, more well than I feel I deserve. 
For you I mostly feel my guilt, for being much less than perfect, mayebe some of it is just running away to spare myself the embarrassment to leave while you still don't hate me. Because I know I would be deserving of that. 

we could also just be in a negative slump, a downhill turn, on a journey to the up and up, knowing well that not everything can always rise. So what do I do?

We could pick out all the flaws again, and again, but what help does that do for us if we do nothing more than to keep reiterating them over and over in our minds. Maybe she could be a way out of this maze for me, but I should be able to do something on my own as well, or instead. 

I feel poweerless and uselses. Devoid of all sense of worth. to be not more than a consumer who does little for others and who does little for himself, beyond fulfilling the daily achings and yearnings for pleasure and distraction. 

And when we stare this in the face, we see a monumental task ahead something akin to a personal Mount Everest. A large heap of bad habits to reform, and mindsets to root out and fix, and at the bottom of it all, notthing really feels worth anything at all, as if my self as a priceless object just means free, or maybe you would pay negative and be worse than that. Like paying someone to take your trash. 

To be vulnerable is to feel worthy. to understand that everyone has their faults and that means you are probably not much worse in the average sense.

It is a lot of think about, but there are those whom it comes naturally to. Meaning it is possible for humans to be vulnerable, and to brush aside the fear, or stare it down and experience it in its wholeness, while still moving on with vulnerability. 

Let's not be too harsh on ourself, but know that there is long road ahead.
