---
layout: post
title: Crushed
date: 2017-09-08 23:02:51
---

What happened to me?
I guess you could say it was another "extended" stay at home. To be stuck here and... well have a more obvious reckoning for all the things that haven't been fixed yet, that you're running out of time, and that after this, it'll be a whole new place, a fresh start, with nothing. And that scares me. The fact is that you think you're still alone, and have not yet found anyone that your heart is settled wth confiding in. It hoped for someone to show up, but all your friends are.... as hyeri puts it, very sad people. Who probably are going through similar things, in different ways. You have some hope for james, which might be considered plausible, but he's so awful at depth that it is almost kind of funny. Cue the dead dog story... If we try people farther away, you have iris, but she's never been very open, actually she did or does like you, but acts quite closed off. Something about no hugs, and then cue that one sleepover where it was so close. And then what. jennings has too much shit of his own, ariel stays out of these types of affairs. maxine ended up going terribly, which made the opening up quite uncomfortable, but comforting all at the same time. There are smatterings of people that don't stay, which you didn't expect to either, that have some openness. 
Your old list was: michelle, jerry, iris. So none of them were really in, especially with the whole ling andrew yogesh thing. And nothing new yet. Maybe you need to get drunk more, but that might be a whole nother issue. Kevin's far away, and he's self-sufficient feeling enough. Steph was always problematic to start with, and jocey was too cynical to be okay inside. Alex is too caught up in his own loneliness, which manifests in some strange ways. Something of the "savior" story that he wants, like unrequited love, though. 
And so in your own little world, amy might be the best shot. Though it might end up being that you don't see how messed up someone is until you get closer. Though I realllly hope not.

Maybe you need more 20seconds of courage in your life, or little shocks. I always seem to look for large changes in my life to shake me out of my rut, but maybe that will never work. Or that there might be a 1 in a million chance that it will stick, and I don't have enough life to wait around for that. 

And then, don't let your past keep you in chains, it's there to be learned from, not to be reenacted, we just need to believe that something different for myself is possible, that we are destined for more, and capable of so much more in life.

The nice thing about feeling crushed, is that even by journaling it all down, the weight seems to lift a bit, and that much is nice enough.

discipline. discipline, everything and not giving up when things get tough. Definitely need some help with that.