---
layout: post
title: Static
date: 2017-09-23 22:19:41
---

Nothing going on, and a wall of silence has come. 
Still unsure what to do, or how to proceed. 
If we're reading into things, it feels like lots of lies by omission, which is defensible in one regard, but also the intent is to deceive which is slightly worrying.
It also might just signify a lack of trust mostly since we haven't gotten there yet. 
It's also lies due to fear or malicious intent, and maybe that makes things less egregious. 

In my mind, it's boiled down into two main branches of possibility. 

That my feelings are bad news, and that it's an exasperation that I've held onto feelings for 5 years. That in that timeframe means it seems like they'll never be gone, and that just makes friendship much more difficult to accomplish.

That my feelings are good, but that it's my only asking for friendship that might be problematic. That she actually somehow started liking you. Maybe it was really recent, or maybe it was the Seattle trip, or even the junior year you spent so much time with her. Or before that when things were too confusing. The main thing is just that she won't say anything. Won't reveal anything about herself, and it's that silence that is bothering me. And just the strangely excited excitement in Seattle, which was nice, but a little out of character. 

On my side of the wall, there is fear. That my own track record is pretty awful and might end up doing terribly with this. That I would hurt her and we would never be friends again. I think that might just be the worst outcome. And the other large thing is just the belief that we could never be more, that she could never possibly like you, and any hints dropped weren't large enough to break that idea. 

And then once that is understood, there's so so so much more to figure out. Any kind of feelings can only help out, but will not by themselves, sort out all of the issues that will exist. 

Hopefully, everything will work out for the best, and that to try is the resolution. 
