---
layout: post
title: Failures
date: 2018-01-01 10:52:04
---

So
I got neither of my meetups with maxine or amy.

Amy doesn't seem to want to see me at all. And I don't blame her, but maybe I'm farther along than she thinks I could be. 
What happened to that spark? At least I could feel that she liked me at one point, though probably not to date. Maybe that's all I get. Whimsy and the idea that she once cared a bit.

Ouch, rejection hurts. Don't you know?

And on we go. Maybe you'll see her "next" year. or never again. All good possibilities. 

And you're not planning on going back home anytime soon. 

Maxine was probably busy.
Though it could be the same. 

Where's your self-compassion man?

And nofap has not worked well, I think at this point we've proven to us that it is a problem and a one that I have not firmly set my mind to fixing. 

You spent a lot of time at home with the parents. 

And got through a lot of pages in those books of yours. 

I guess that's worth something

And alex and jon, movies and coffee and yoonji and evan. That at least felt pretty good. 

Any resolutions?

No.

life projects, maybe we should just give them a deadline, so they don't hang on forever

Let's go. 
30 days from today
down at least a .5 diopter
and nofapping the month. 
And spend some time with Jerry before he goes
Pull together a list of schools and programs?
work your 10 hour days and find something fun to do on the weekend...

Sigh.
What else can you do besides work on yourself, and maybe try to put yourself out there and do things.

Failure is a state of mind.