---
layout: post
title: Ramblings 3
date: 2021-12-13 11:28:12
---
Who's who here for not wanting to go no contact. Do you think you'll miss me too much or want to stay on my mind? What is going on in your head?
Whatever it is, you've got a lot lot lot of things to tell me about.
I've been excessively open I feel like, and as refreshing as it is for me to be able to comfortably tell you my secrets, maybe I'm looking for some reciprocation. 
Or does it just hurt on your end, and you don't want to let that out. I'm sure it feels strange in some way. Maybe you've got too many things you're holding in right now, and the moment we start dating for real, it'll all just come tumbling out. 
I am super curious what goes on your head, but also not want to be pushy about it, that you'll tell me when the time is right. 

what was the thought at work about?
Just you and confidence, the I'd like to help you love you more than I do. 

And your thing, maybe I can have you talk to Grace about it?
she's pretty chill, and working on herself now. But that is big thing. I can't be too angry about your areas of growth, because that's kind of how we came to be. But, maybe, hopefully you've thought through it. not everyone changes as quickly as I can. Especially since I now have a great motivator. And that is love. One that cuts so deep it still hurts now. I'm sorry I didn't face it sooner, really I got too comfortable with it, and kind of took it for granted. I thought you were mine, and that was all a delusion, and also totally unfair. Get it done and get it done now! COVID be damned. But really, for me I am worth the extra time, and I want to improve myself in this manner, and you know I'm worth it. 

Hannah is needy in a guarded way.
She could love herself more? Take care of her appearance, take care of her room, take care of her life, and her surroundings.
Some of your behavior, by withholding your time acted as a buffer against her worst tendencies, and maybe threw some of her excess love for me into herself?
I can't love you more than you do.
She seems ok in person, the feeling is different when you see her.
It might just be emotionally repressed, not as expressive as she could be. whatever that issue is. 
Is that it?
