---
layout: post
title: Ramblings 2
date: 2021-12-12 11:28:12
---
You know I just want to feel okay.

and I know our thing isn't really a break up, but it feels like one.

maybe you experienced things differently since you had that nagging feeling the whole time, but I got super attached, and it takes the same process to detach. the whole withdrawal thing you know.

And internet advice says no contact is probably best

I think ill keep your number, but unfriend you on snapchat, so as not to feel the desire to look. and everything else... also means i probably won't pop into discord for a bit.

And like there's a lot of things that you and I will want to hide from each other, white lies, and that though understandable, isn't a good thing to have. I really want to keep our flow of honesty.

And so something to think about, any kind of flaws that I have that are more apparent as you detach. Keeping a list would be nice, but don't make it a priority, you know?

Cuz at this point, if we hung out, I'd want to get all cuddly, and that fixes the ache in the moment, but really just delays the withdrawal process.

Like an if you love someone let them go,

I don't think you could ever forget me, but I dont' know that for sure, and that's scary. And I hope the sex is better because I was able to help you learn a little something about your own body. But obvs not thaaat good XP.

I think we could be stronger for this, it just really really sucks.

And the on reassureance I have for you, there were some almost relationships in my life too, that well, my heart knows within a year if it's no good, and I'll feel a certain way, usually the "ick", and that's never happened for you.
 
So... from here no contact until after christmas? and then anything goes.