---
layout: post
title: Clear Headed
date: 2022-03-11 21:23:24
---

There have been so many thoughts on my mind about us, about me, about how to move forward. Maybe starting from the top is best. I loved you, or I still love you, I fell for you so long ago, quietly, slowly. And you knew about it a little, that the thought was that I wanted to learn how to date and pickup girls, but being with you was such a comfort to my heart, it felt like if we got together that would be it. But alas, love is not enough, and especially since I wasn’t really supposed to fall for you. I think I definitely see you more as the Hannah that you could be, and not fully you for who you are. And the biggest thing pain point that was growing was about emotional intimacy. I can’t be sure if it’s because of our relationship or if it is just a part of you, but that lack of emotional skill, not being in tune with your feelings, or your speaking about being emotionally repressed. I did feel you pulling away, but perhaps that you also don’t have the skills to open up to me fully. Part of my experience of love is the desire to get to know all of you. Every inch of your body, every thought, and every feeling you have. I want to know it all. And that’s a problem because it seems you aren’t in touch with your emotions, and that you’ll have to get to know yourself before you can begin to share that with me.

So maybe this is the answer to things you need to begin asking yourself. What is it that makes being with me and sleeping with me, so comforting, that you’ll easily slide into sex or just cuddling like it’s the most natural thing in the world?
And my answer is the emotional intimacy which you seem to have so much trouble with. To be able to fully open up and bare everything, knowing with some certainty that all of you is accepted. And in reality it is only to feel like that is possible, not that it has been done completely. I tried my best to open up myself and be more vulnerable, you know of my hesitations, and I pushed through them to more fully embrace the love we had. And every time you accepted me, and that made me love you more. 

Obviously commitment and mental security is not the answer there. It would be great to have that and lock it down with someone once you have the more important parts, but why lock it down with someone less worthy. 

Honestly without an emotional connection, you remain on a level of being just good friends. Someone you have fun with and someone you hang out with, and then also have bad sex with. At that point you might as well get a dog.

And that’s the thing with your orgasms. I did talk about it a little. You know it’s not like I’m doing anything special, maybe I last a little longer because I’m focused on you, but otherwise nothing particularly skillful is happening. Most of the action is happening near the top, between our eyes. It’s all in my vulnerability and openness allowing you to feel safe and protected and comfortable opening up. That I’ve got you and I accept every part of you. That’s what allows you to let go and cum for me. Hell, even pee in my mouth.

And it would be super sad for me to know that you felt it and you experienced it, and then deemed yourself unworthy of such things. 

And now, what is my path forward? I’m so sorry it has to be like this, it is not a very loving action to cut you out of my life, but for my own sake, so that I can take care of myself, I need the space to detach and move forward. I realized that I wasn’t good enough for you, that you’d rather stay in this doomed relationship than try with me. But also, there seems to be a part of you wants me around, and wants me to be the one. I fed off those mixed messages, and it tore me apart. To feel you push me away because your head says you have a boyfriend, but your heart keeps trying to make me stay. I tried to convince you to listen to your feelings, but really I wanted to stay close to you. And truly, I want to know all of you still, so any half-assed friendship would never be enough anymore. It would only extend my suffering. So, for my sake, I needed to leave so I could stop bleeding. And for you? It might hurt, I don’t know, it might hurt a lot, and I’m sorry it had to be like this. I give you all the space you need to do your thing. Figure out what you want, with him, with me. See what your life is like without me in it. And to see what you prefer.

I need to move forwards, towards a better version of me. Even if that means walking away from you every single step of the way. I’d love for you to come with, but I can’t make that happen, only you can.
