---
layout: post
title: Endings
date: 2022-05-12 16:39:59
---

I am finally getting through this, and it's been an awful journey. Intensely painful, an emotionally dead feeling. But, I've cried out as much as I can, and it's slowly healing. Slowly moving towards alive and well. It will take some more time for sure, and a lot more tears, and a lot more time to really be all the way together again. I can come to accept that this might be it, that I will truly never see you again, never get to know you like I want to, never get to touch your heart and help you heal through your pain. And that might be the true ending to our story. To have gotten so close, and then never come back to it ever again. That I never got a real chance to make things work like I wanted to. 

The only scrap of hope is in waiting for you to come around, but I can't just sit around waiting. I've got my own things to do, too. I know you're hurting deeply too, so much so that you've got this anger against me, and everything is all twisted together. But it's not true anger, just a defense for the pain. And maybe once that pain subsides, and you've let go of him. Maybe you'll think of me. Maybe you'll remember me fondly. I was the one who made you feel alive. Made you feel completely present with me. And maybe you'll reach out without knowing why. Maybe you'll understand something about it. And if that happens, if you can promise me you're willing to work on yourself, willing to work on your emotional repression, then I'd give it my best shot and love you with all my heart. Because I've seen it before, and I'll make it happen again, the way you come to life in my arms. The way your personality blossoms, and everything about you seems brighter, and lighter. I want to witness that spark in your eyes again. I want to hold you close, and tell you that you're okay. And maybe holding this little bit of hope is not good for me, and I know that. But, that's my dysfunction. To want to try and fix and help in any way I can. Before people are ready for it, but only because I know what it is, and I feel it all now. There's some compassion for you and your circumstances. For how you are, and how you're feeling. I need to learn that I can't push it. That people will come around on their own time. And I hope that you will come around to it.

Remember when you told me you'd never see me again that first time? What made you come back? You never gave a real answer. You only said that you really had to pee, and that's why you left in a rush, but why did you come back?

At the end of this hope, however, I might have to face the true reality, that it's extremely unlikely that my fantasy will play out. That people don't change that quickly, and they keep their word. That this will just be a history between us. And at least for that period before October, I enjoyed every moment of it. Getting to know you, spending time hanging out with you. I know we didn't schedule a lot of interesting things together, but I want you to know that I'm glad we met, even if this leaves me with a lot of pain. It was worth it every moment. 

I think also, I just want you to be able to forgive yourself for cheating. I don't think it makes you a bad person, just a human who makes mistakes, but also there's a lot to learn about what and why that happened. I think in my desperation, the plan to tell him would force you to confront it, and hopefully allow you to forgive yourself in time, but also would cause a break-up and I'd have a chance to swoop back in and help you. But it is selfish, and if you're not ready to let that go, you're not ready, and I can't force anything.
