---
layout: post
title: The Void
date: 2022-01-23 22:48:17
---

Trying to get all of my thoughts down. I have been experimenting with various mediums, but it still feels that typing is so much faster to for me that it makes more sense over pen and paper. And then my other options just leave all of this thought detritus lying around in an unorganized manner. This is slightly public, but it is security through obscurity. What is most personal is also most general. More relapses. I was holding on for 3 weeks or so, on the feeling that this would be the year of never again, but alas. I am quite disappointed, but it was starting to feel strange. I blame some of this "head cold" and mild inflammation on whatever neural resetting is going on. It does not really react to painkillers, so I guess I just have to live with it for awhile. I think this is the time that we finally beat the addiction, though. We cannot keep preaching to others the benefits, while not being able to live them out in my own life. so there is something about it that needs to shift in my own life. We gave up stopping ourselves because we gave up on this quest in learning how to pick-up. It was just too difficult, and making it happen just once, felt at once so near at hand, and yet so very far away. 
We see this process as one of 3 stages. Approach, vibe, close. With the two gateways as the social hook-point and the sexual hook-point. We have been able to develop our skills such that the vibing almost feels completely natural and unstrained. But only in specific situations where the girl is clearly interested and having fun. And, there are some internal blocks for getting through the second hook-point and getting to close. Which for me is the fact that I still haven't yet made out with a "stranger" yet. It so far has always been planned in a way. Or at least led by the other party. You got so very close last time, so I think at the next opportunity you'll make it happen faster, or with the experience, you can make something happen easier. But, vibing with a girl is so much fun. It's at once exciting to be talking to someone very different from yourself, yet finding similarities, and then being able to feel that fun and give it to someone, reciprocating back and forth. It is a fun dance in a way. Where content does not really matter, reality is off in the distance, and all the non-pc and non-pg content is allowable. It is somewhere that I would like to get to more often. Our main problem is the approach anxiety is still very much a thing, and that we haven't resolved any of the feelings of anticipation and its entanglements. Their solution is to immediately approach. Approach anybody, talk about anything. Prove to the mind that it will be okay if you keep doing that. Nobody will hate you, and you won't be shunned by the group. And technically if one person blows you out, you'll still have other options in the area. To me, the main thought in this is that now I feel it is very much possible to close somebody, I start with a subconscious expectation that it could happen, and that layers on more pressure to perform. Which stifles the easy flow of vibe, but also keeps me trapped and holds me back from any approaches. I feel that each approach carries so much weight. That it now holds all the gravity of the approach up to the close. When in reality it truly is "I would like to have a very nice conversation with you," and nothing more. Everything else depends on how that turns out, and it will not all of the time. She might be boring, or ugly, or uninterested. Those are all very reasonable outcomes that mean the conversation you started is only going to be a conversation. No expectations, nothing more than a light request to converse, and have a fun talk. Go into it with an experimenter's mindset. You're trying new things, and none of it truly is who you are. You can be detached from the outcomes and from the experiences.
Bruce Lee's "void" is what I might call "flow". At once connected but detached. Fully integrating most of the task into your subconscious or your muscle memory, and leaving the directing to the mind, in a almost mindless manner. 