---
layout: post
title: The Pain
date: 2022-03-23 23:36:52
---

It still hurts. Maybe reading through the trauma book super enlightening, but also puts my mind in a place of danger. I'm still noticing this shoulder tension that I can't get rid of. Something about not feeling safe anymore. Begin alone, and lonely. Finding people to spend time with and vibe with is pretty nice though. I definitely need to schedule up more of my weeknights. It's definitely not healthy for me to be this alone all the time. And I definitely feel it. Maybe that's what a roommate is good for, though, if they're as social as Josh, you would never see em anyways. Self-love, self-care. Some of it is "allowed" to fall to the wayside in the face of your heart pain. But, it definitely helps you to be going out and meeting up with people. Spending too much time alone to wallow in this pain isn't good for you in any capacity. 

I wonder if that tensions in my body is something I can release with more friendships and a feeling of social connection, or if it has to be a committed love. Or at some point we might be able to build up that feeling of safety within our own body. I wonder if that's teachable, or perhaps just easier with someone else around. 

I think it is a distractable level of pain at this point. It still hangs over my head like a cloud, but it isn't so pervasive that it needs to be seen at all times. The heart knows we lost something good, but with more clarity the mind understands the shortcomings. Attachment is attachment, and is in a way blind to the full reality. 

We were planning about how to reboot our friendship/relationship. Like completely walking away and letting her make the first move, or maybe asking rishika to keep an eye on her for me? Or maybe we'll just say hello in two months' time, given that we're decently stable. We have the clarity and the understanding to hold us back from falling straight back in. And there is so much pain to experience again. Especially if she's still not single, there's no level of closeness that is available to me. But, maybe that never existed in the first place. We had always said to maxine that "it makes me feel close to you" because there was no other options to feel close in a way that felt safe. When someone is that emotionally prickly, and we're so guarded, emotional safety and connection can't happen. In this case, alexithymia is the name of the game. Armored, avoidant. So many threads to pull at. There's no true two-way connection to be found. I can let down my guard as much as I can. All the way down to nothing, and it won't change how she responds. Perhaps she'll be more afraid of it then. And sex is the easiest realm in which she opens up. 

Ugh, in other words, I think we're just going to go for a software engineering position. The money is better... and the work should be similar anyways. But you also get a lot of perks like remote working for your future of trying to be more present in a kid's life. More flexibility, more easy stuff. You can always do this hobby stuff at home when you finally feel motivated. But that means lots of leetcode to actually be good at those algorithmic things. I'm not sure exactly what my reservations are from before about sitting at a computer all day doing work. I think hardware will probably be similar, and with hardware in a lab potentially, but it definitely ends up being similar. Maybe it was just a feeling or a notion of not wanting to become one of those compsci guys.

There's no animosity, there was earlier, lots of frustration at your mixed messaging and not knowing what you want. Pushing me out of your life, but telling me you want to stay friends. Telling me to move on and find someone else to get over you, but then looking at me with those eyes. Grabbing my hand to hold out of the blue. Your heart is still here, and I can feel that, but your mind doesn't talk to your heart. So you have no fucking clue. 

Sigh, at the end of the day, if she can't understand, or can't accept it, you have no responsibility to teach her. 
I don't know if we'll see eye-to-eye on this emotional maturity thing. But it is the only way that we will possibly work out. My intuition was tingling and holding me back, and it was starting to rise up to my awareness. All within a few months of trying to get closer.
