---
layout: post
title: Strangers Again
date: 2022-04-29 11:09:47
---

I pushed it to the limit, without being too evil, and it's broken now. But at least we ended more amicably, and I was able to speak my mind and let out my feelings. And maybe you were able to see that I still cared, that I did care. I hope you can forgive me for all the pain I caused, but as long as I can forgive myself and move forward, that will be enough. And I feel alone and adrift again, for certain this time. I had been holding on to this mirage that you might change your mind if I told you I loved you (which basically had no chance of working). But I like this break better because there's no hope left to go back to. There's no friendship left to try and pretend. We split apart, and the lines that are drawn bring us back to what life was before.

In my eyes, there's a bunch of future stuff that could look hopeful. That, if you know of my feelings now, and have just stuffed them away by throwing anger and abandonment at them, that you never truly process through everything well. Never really learn anything useful. That maybe your heart will come screaming when these bottled feelings explode. And the likelihood of that, and of it working out? Near zero. 

I think it is okay to hold that little seed of love. There really isn't a trash can in the heart, it just stays in this minimal form, and it could grow again, but we can choose never to allow it to. Like with Maxine, with how toxic she can be, it's a hard no. With you, we'd have to work through your emotional repression, otherwise it still is a hard no. And you are very skilled at pushing things down, so maybe it that will explode before it can ever come up again. Maybe you'll dream of me again someday.

With you, there's a lot for me to be thankful for. I know in my life, I was in a different place emotionally, and that coming together with you gave my life some joy. It helped me get out of the rut that I was in after therapy was over, and covid was in full swing. It was great to get to know someone deeply for the first time like that, to see and appreciate all your strengths and your flaws. To share myself and feel that you accepted me and loved me as messed up as I was. To stare deeply into your eyes just enjoying the company. To snuggle up against your chest and beating heart, and feel comforted, like I was home, and my heart could rest. I'm thankful for all the food and adventures we went on together. Pretty much you showing me around the city, because I never went myself, and I appreciate it more, so I'll probably try to live closer to the city next time I move. For all of my growth, I thank you for being there for me, showing me your life, and letting me tag along. I honestly didn't have that much going for me in the suburbs, but I'm learning to do more for myself, and your energy helped me get started on that. Obviously the sex was pretty amazing, and I loved connecting with you on that level, and making you come over and over, feeling you give me everything your body had. Unfortunately, that isn't enough to teach someone how to be loved. Thank you for all of your attention, your time, your caring, your patience, your kindness, your acceptance, your comfort, your love, and I'll keep those feelings with me forever.

And, with a breakup comes plenty of learning. I definitely went through a lot of different phases with you. But, at the least, I came out way more ready to find someone to settle down with. And even if that someone isn't you, that is something I've gained. I learned that this depth is what I want, and that pickup is fun, but definitely not an end goal. I learned about the depth of the pain that still lurks at the bottom of my heart. The burden that I've been given by my parents and their parents and the world. I learned very clearly that it is impossible to change a person who hasn't accepted it themselves. I learned how to love through practice with you, as well as how to love myself more. In love, I learned how to open myself up and be more vulnerable, to always always let things out no matter how scared I felt. And I have to learn what I am responsible for. I know you're still hurting due to stuff that I did, and I can take responsibility for my actions, but you are still responsible for letting it go and loving yourself. I can only apologize from the bottom of my heart, and help you if you ask for it.

I'll carry your stories with me. The little snippets from your past when you opened to me. About being cold and alone and locked outside, of your childhood epilepsy, and the buried feeling that it must have been terrifying for you as a kid. The family history of losing everything, becoming history. That your parents are fine, but your life seemed sad, you didn't keep any friends from the sorority, and played too much league. That talking to your mother feels like you parenting her, instead of the other way around. And your mother does her own dancing thing, and seems to care less about the kids. And your parents get along, but I don't see a spark, and that shows in your beliefs that marriage is just a slog. Your life as the sugar sister, and your middle sister's troubles with feeling left out and unattended to. How your singing voice is so beautiful, but your speaking so monotone. I wonder if you see your life in color. I wonder if I was able to give you a taste of that. And you called me too intense, perhaps just for my driving, but my emotions are probably too intense for you. My wish for you is that you can grow to be your best self. That with your awareness of your emotional repression, you could make moves to address it. But, that is a huge leap, and I don't believe many people ever make it across that chasm.

I'll carry this pain with me for a bit. My own pain of loss. Losing someone that meant a lot to me, and being thrown back into loneliness and despair after trying desperately to get things together to get it back. But, the pain will subside, and everything will be okay eventually. I'll keep these memories of us, the food we ate, the pictures we took, and all the feelings that we shared. Memories of a summer trip to the cabin, a part of the cabin crew. Of paddleboarding, partying in the lake, titty shots, off-roading, pasta making, and relaxing with you. A desperately sad trip to NYC, to stay and snuggle with you one last time. And all the various little activities like tennis playing, park walking, skinny dipping (not actually), bike riding, rock climbing, river walking, brunch munching, ramen slurping, go karting, bar trivia-ing, video gaming, trick-or-treating, condom shopping, tea tasting, sushi eating, kayaking.

And there were all those hopes, to meet your parents and your cute sisters, to be together someday, to live together and love together and teach you how to break down your emotional walls. I'm curious if my love ever reached you. That even if you say we're never going to be see each other again, there was always a 50/50 chance. The hope of meeting someday in another city and jumping in right where we left off. All these hopes I cannot keep, so I leave them behind.

And maybe your name will come up someday, and I'll say "I knew her very well once, but I haven't talked to her in ages. I hope she's doing well."


Sneaking in some last little things

I'm glad we met, even though it turned out this way.
You aren't a bad person in any way. I believe that wholeheartedly. 
Making mistakes is part of being human, and you can let go of that burden whenever you want. 
It doesn't make you bad or flawed or horrible. 
I believe in you, and that you deserve happiness, but you'll have to find your own way there. 
I could never hate you, I'll probably always care about you more than I should. 
You are good, you are kind, you are accepting, patient, comforting, eminently lovable, and worthy of all the good things. 
And you were worth it to me, even if it took me too long to see.
