---
layout: post
title: Self Love
date: 2022-02-21 12:15:15
---

My false reality has been shattered. So, I thank you for that. And this feeling that I'm left with... emptiness, that I'm still my only person at the end of it all. That doesn't mean I am all alone, but that like others keep reiterating: "I am the only one responsible for getting my needs met." Which has an important distinction. Obviously, many of our needs require other people in our lives: friends, family, lovers. Needs for connection, closeness, intimacy, excitement, stimulation, curiosity, belonging, validation, acceptance, love, sexual release, etc. But that, the responsibility for getting those things to happen, the one that makes things happen. That will always have to be me. By delegating the responsibility to another person, we create codependency, and all the potential nastiness it creates. 

And so, I had that strong feeling that, if only you would be mine, I would feel "complete". I would feel validated, connected, loved. But that yearning also came with laser focus that you were the only one I needed, and that was never the real truth. I allowed myself let go of so many things because my mind had gotten sucked into this fantasy. That I didn't need anything else, if I had you. 

And, now, those needs of mine are still there, to feel loved, to belong. And I am left being the only one able to take up the mantle of responsibility for them. If I want to be social and feel connected to others, I had better go out and find those friends to hang out with, or make new ones. If I want comfort I have to go seek it.

A general pattern of dysfunction is for one to try to be "low-maintenance." Appearing to be wantless and needless because as a child, that was the way to be. To not show any needs so that others might not be repelled by them. Similarly, making it difficult to be given to. But, there will always be needs. And "covert contracts" (If I do this, then you'll do that for me) start to come into play to attempt to fill some of those needs. Or otherwise, caretaking behaviours to focus on others, so that in a roundabout way, one's own needs might be met. That old adage, "People are very fond of giving away what they need most themselves." 

Which brings me back to your summer of fun, which to my understanding is a similar reaction. That you felt filled with love. But that I didn't allow you to get all of your needs met through me, so your normal falling into everything relationship pattern wasn't allowed to happen. And, also that your sexual needs were finally being met, made life just feel much better perhaps. And that provided fuel for you to go out and be social and have fun and do lots of things, have lots of experiences spending time with your friends. I'm still not quite sure what you mean by that identity crisis. Like you're not the type of person to have a fwb? And that makes you feel what exactly? But, to me, that is a healthier way to be. Having two independent people living their own lives, but still coming together at night, in bed, date nights, or trips to spend and share and grow together. Which should be the best way to create a good inter-dependency. Having social needs, and validation being met by others, and not just the partner. 

At the end of the day, I need to learn these basic skills and break these fears for reaching out to people, and planning activities, or inviting people to things, because I have my needs to fill, and it does so happen to be that other people are more than happy, most of the time, to help me with those. It would appear that others are generally willing to hang out, or chat, or spend time. And, that in my healthy ideal, my life should revolve around me, with the spouse and family a very close second. Because, if I am working on me, and trying to be my best self, then I will have much more to bring to the table. Much more of my energy and my self to share. 