---
layout: post
title: Rejuvenation
date: 2022-05-14 16:16:48
---

I sent that little snippet to you, and I don't know, I'm a little nervous, but I'm not expecting any kind of response from you. And I think that will be the last thing I ever say. But, just breaking my silence once because forgiveness came up with my therapist, and I had that stuff written down from awhile ago, and was thinking it might be something you needed to read. And I think that my therapy session really helped me clear out enough emotional breathing room to be able to consider and feel towards others, to turn my compassion and empathy back on. But, maybe you'll trash it immediately, who knows? I wonder if you'll ever come to believe those words. Or anything I ever say. I think, in my head, I am capable of sifting through my emotions enough to understand more precisely what is happening and why. That, I am angry at you for not being able to see, but that it mostly is this extension of grief and pain. That my hurting makes me want to lash out, and hurt you, but I can mostly manage it so as not to. But, I can at least understand what is happening, so my mind can stay clear enough to what I see as the true reality. I hope that it is true that I have developed greater capacity for compassion after having had to walk through my own pain, and mhy own suffering. To see where other people are at a glance, like danielson's low-hanging fruit thought, and sheex's pervasive sadness. I wonder if some of those are true, or if they're just projections and incorrect assumptions. I guess that perpetual sense of doubt is a foundation of my thinking, that uncertainty that I can and must hold for maximum flexibility. 

It definitely is a good step. My answer for therapy is to start in talk therapy to work out the facts, to help find and catch some of the stories, the emotionally relevant places to investigate. And then to dive into the subconscious with hypnotherapy, maybe EMDR, maybe family systems. But something that tries to use imagery or other methods to really connect with the subconscious, because most of this really is deeply embedded and closed off to our minds. It really is just too painful to bear, so you have to put it somewhere to just keep on functioning. 

I was at dim sum for lunch and then got invited out for mahjong night, and it was fun. I felt free to talk and express myself, and make all the new friends. No self-consciousness. No real fear. Even with this pervasive sadness hanging over my head, I had enough room to breathe and be myself. Most of my feelings of power are there, in all the joking around, the vocal tonality, the volume, the lack of drop in state in offending jeannie. All the familiar pick-up-y feelings and that power coursing through my body. It was a lot of fun. 