---
layout: post
title: Realizations
date: 2022-04-19 22:27:21
---

Had another bout of on and off, I think in a lot of ways, these feelings are close to overwhelming for me, and I definitely start to run back towards my own "evasive" maneuvers. And that really is something that maybe is really testing my emotional maturity, my integration, and my togetherness. There is a big idea in that you still feel unmoored, adrift and alone in the world, without that feeling of a home base with your parents. That there is still something internal to resolve about your parents in general and not just with the Dave episode. Something of the repetitive feeling of anger towards your mother, that she couldn't protect you from your father. 

The other bit, about you Hannah, I was thinking what would have changed between you two that changed you from "I'd consider it" to "No, I can't leave." And I backed out the assumption that your mind understood how much love there was between us, because maybe as much as you respond to it in your heart and your body, that you still won't recognize it at all. And that made me realize, you don't know how much I love you at all. It feels so strange, since grace was able to immediately say that the love she felt was better than anything she ever had with ian. That everything I was able to give, she could feel, she could receive it. And it filled her soul. 

It is somewhat evident, in this whole decision to keep on with him, to ignore the time period for "rebound" effects. You know your body feels "sad" and that your arms hurt, but none of the rest of it connects in your mind. That deflection of the bubbly, cheerful Hannah in NYC, as "it was the first time we'd gone on a trip together." (ahem, cabin?). That you can ignore so many of your emotions. Skydiving with no fear, walking alone in the dark without fear, it's actually really bad repression. 

I want to chase this down to the very end, until you come around, or you absolutely hate me. It will be a lifetime regret if I can't make it work. So, the move is to tell you that I love you, that you mean so much to me, and it hurts so much. But that I can go so far as to say, that I even now, after spending all this time trying to rip these feelings out of my heart... Still love you more than Kevin ever can. 100% guarantee it. I know what it's like to be numb and stifled, and there is absolutely no possibility that he can love more than me. 

I came to a realization. I can't be friends with you because I love you too much, and I've been spending all this time hurting and trying to rip these feelings out of my heart because you didn't want it. And only being a friend in your life would probably never not hurt. Even with all of this trying to get over it, and trying to move on, I can guarantee you that I love you many times more than Kevin ever will. 
Why do you only realize this now? 
haha, well, that wasn't what I realized, but that I had been holding back from saying the words, and perhaps for you, you'd only ever understand this truth if I told you straight up in words. It's just so fucked to me, that I can see your heart understands this truth, and your mind doesn't see it at all. 

Is that what changed? You exchanged your "I love you's" and that doesn't happen very often does it.

I knew what I felt a long time ago. Right, if I look all the way back, it was that talk in April that set it off. I knew before then that I liked you alot, I wanted to get to know you and spend more time with you, but I was always holding myself back because I didn't feel ready, and I didn't want to put too much expectation into it, to try and not get too attached, so that you wouldn't. But, when you told me that you didn't think I was even interested in you, that you wanted more. I dropped some of those walls. And I let the love blossom in my heart. I know I've talked about that being a end of porn thing, but I think of that as a contributing factor, really that I let down my emotional guard. Still, I was holding back in spending too much time with you. With the idea that because it was just FWB, I should give you the time and the space to go date and explore other people, while I tried to figure out things on my end. All the way to the end. I definitely noticed your drop in effort. It's really funny because by halloween I was about ready to confront you about it. That we needed to have some kind of talk to sort things out. But of course that never happened, because you explained it all. The words came out in other ways though, I had this weird deletion of the word "love" from phrases that needed it. But mostly that sentiment that I think I told you, that "If we got together, I think that would be it. And I would never have a chance to figure out how to date." Which buries in it the sentiment of "I love you I love you, I think I could end up marrying you."

And if it's true that the feelings don't register with you, then at least you can look at the side-effects, and things might be more clear if we clearly link them with this fact that I love you. The lust, the horniness, it really is two sides of the same coin, and the lust grows in proportion to the love between us. And the feeling of being loved, is what makes is so damned easy for you to come for me. Less obviously, it's the action of physical desire, in wanting to touch and be touched, wanting to be close. It is what drives the spontaneously holding my hand (when you're not supposed to), and that long goodbye hug in the train station. But, also stuff like the messenger bag, fanny pack, backpack, and purse. And the irresistible desire to snuggle up with me (also when you weren't supposed to). That's where all the snuggliness and cuddles really come from. And then, even less obviously, the couple of things you said before, that you feel 100% present when you're with me, that you're more alive, more awake. They're all effects that stem from this love.

So, that conversation needs to happen. And I hope that you will still be willing to see me. I probably will have to make the first move if I want this to happen sooner, but, either that or a life's regret. I think I know what I prefer.

Your simple gut test is this: You probably are spending a ton of time together with him. Give me the first thought that enters your mind, would you move in with him?