---
layout: post
title: Slopes Talk
date: 2022-02-20 14:43:25
---

Went skiing with Greg at Wilmot today. A lucky happening that had popped up on thursday, and I would have turned him down if Hannah had said we could meet up for brunch or something. So I'm kind of glad that worked out. Greg has his whole christian worldview now, so it is a little frustrating wading through the whole Jesus talk on top of his life philosophy, but he does have his interesting opinions and perspectives still. 

It definitely isn't necessary to be in relationships to get experience for how to do it. It might be actually better to be single so that you know who you are on your own first, to define those boundary lines for acceptable behavior clearly beforehand, rather than be wishy washy and have everything steam rolled. Obviously theory and practice are going to be different, but at least by thinking through it and figuring things out with friends, we can get a good sense for how functional relationships work. Things like setting boundaries, confronting people that hurt you, making close ties and exploring that way, opening up to others. The little arguments and the strategies used to manage them all carry over, and I have a good idea for what and how I want to proceed with a committed relationship. Now it just depends on finding someone worth going for. 

Aching heart I understand. I think I find that you're not as naive or as clueless as I thought, that the whole emotionally repressed thing is true, but that you know that you love me, but perhaps you feel the same for him too, just much less of the horniness, much less... passionately. And maybe the true problem is that you're avoiding the pain. By keeping me around and not letting me go the first time around, (remember in December? I wanted to go no-contact, and you didn't allow it) you avoided that loss. By continuing on with this established relationship, you're avoiding that immediate loss. By waiting for it to fade, and not having to tell him you cheated, avoids so much negative self-judgment and extra pain for breaking things off that way. The book calls it being a "bad ender." That emotionally healthy people will be quick to end things when they understand that the situation isn't a good one. Whereas dysfunctional people might try to break things off multiple times with no success. And even this time, you still wanted to hold onto a shred of me, to catch me online so we would still game together sometimes. If I'm not the one, then just let me go.

Yeah, the only good for you that might come of this is to open your heart up to new ideas. That you've been repeating some pattern time and time again, hoping for something new. That you feel like he's just not good enough, but it is a kind of happiness to stay with him for now, and just waiting until it fades out. That way you're not a bad person for cutting it off too soon, and the relationship itself dictates your boundary, and not you. Perhaps you'll be open to my talk about self-improvement and maybe this childhood neglect things, not knowing how to get your needs met. And hating everyone else for it all. 

I'm worried about it all because I do care about you. There were thoughts that with the way things were going, I wasn't going to like who you became. With gaining weight as a symptom of your unhappiness with yourself. But, perhaps that was always going to be the case, when I had my sense slapped back into me, things were much more clear. That it was not going to be possible to be a nicely functional relationship regardless of how helped I was. That for me to let go of "fixing" you, you had to take my ideas to heart, and believe them for yourself. And maybe that will happen at the end of this. Or... maybe it won't. But I am not responsible for your life. As much as I want to help you figure out how to be a happier person. I still need to take care of my own. 

I guess the imbalance was a real thing too, but that it was more a function of our relationship, and your desire to hold onto me, while also trying to fade it out and pull back as much as you could. It felt pretty awful, but maybe that is your defense mechanism, because real break-ups are awful and very painful. Even the fake ones with Grace were heart wrenching for a time. 
But, I don't want to be afraid of that anymore. That possibility is always going to exist, especially in the long run, life is short, and you never know what your luck might deal you, be it sickness or death or severe impairment. That amount of hurt is always always a possibility, and is the flip side of the coin for this very deeply passionate love. It isn't that suddenly it becomes pain, or that your heart goes negative. It's just the experience of losing something that you had that was very very nice. 

On the other end, I kind of wish my life went by that song, to be loved until I can love myself. But that is parenting, isn't it? For your parents to love you in a healthy way so that you can figure out how to do it for yourself. And that didn't end up working for you, so you're here bootstrapping that process in your 27th year. How long do you think this will take? I just want to feel safe and secure on my own at some point, and to end up in a relationship that can hold that feeling.