---
layout: post
title: Wording
date: 2022-03-19 21:53:14
---

It will probably take a lot of drafts to figure out exactly what I want from a relationship. And maybe lots of pasted quotes too.

So many angles and points of entry to start from. 

In the longest term, I want to be that old couple who is still disgustingly in love at 50, 60, 70, 80. An age at which we're still very much passionately in love, and that since we've spent forever together, it's both forged through time and experience and even though it has had plenty of time to mellow out, the fire is still burning as well as it can. I know this is nothing that I've seen in my own life or my family, but it is possible, there are examples out there of people who have kept it together, through thick and thin. And if I believe it is possible for me too, isn't that what I'm going to strive for? Setting up a solid foundation for a happy life, by keeping my most closest relationship in a place where it constantly provides more than it takes, and not for free, but because the upkeep is being paid. 
In this angle, we know that because my family is not that way, there is a lot to learn on my own because it hasn't been taught to me as I was growing up. Those skills are methods are from outside of my life, and need to be brought in by hard work and effort. So thus, the need to be constantly working on myself, and reading things, going through therapy, and the self-help stuff.

Honestly, the map looks fairly straightforward. 

1. Be in touch with my own feelings. Put the thought and effort into cultivating a strong connection between my left and right sides, so that the full spectrum of emotionality is available to me. To give and express. To receive and bask in. All the subtlety, and all the nuance. 
2. Once feelings are available in full, or even while that's still working, be able to use the empathy it provides to clearly see myself and others all the time. In disagreements primarily, but also in good times. To feel and connect, and share in all aspects of another. Be it, wife, kids, family, friends. 
3. Presence of mind, and fully accepting the full breadth of another person. Always accepting, always loving. Create a comfortable place of rest for your wife. Let her know that you see her as she is, and that you love her, everything about her. And that you choose to be by her side through everything. Learn to share openly, any discomforts, any questions, confusions, thoughts, good or bad. 
4. Learn the proper skills and methods for using empathy and being vulnerable in critical moments of disagreement. Back away from ego and right/wrong judgements, and seek instead to feel, connect, and work together. This provides maintenance to the comfort. Always able to work through difficulties and disagreements in a way that is not harmful towards the other person. 
5. Make sure to pass these skills down to your kids, so that they have an easier time at it. Try to keep a healthy amount of presence in their lives, not as a "Do as I say", but to transition into a advisor on the side. Being able to let go, and let the child bloom and spread their wings. The same full loving acceptance of who they are applies. Be a home for their hearts as well.

It's simple, but fairly difficult to implement. Especially if it is not the same story given you by your parents. Getting in touch with my feelings was quite a difficult and painful journey, but once we accepted it and were bought into the idea, it was like a year on and off in therapy, to get through the major hump in releasing the pain that was clogging up the free flow of feelings. Everything else though, still a work in progress. So much work to do still, and it kind of is on pause for this pain to pass. 

In my life, I think I could consider it lucky, that the hand I was dealt, or there was so much weight, and so much burden put upon me, that it is very polarizing. I am either lost and aimless and completely depressed, and functioning in society as a good empty worker bee, trying to understand why I don't feel anything. Or, I have to hunker down and figure it out for real. There is no middle ground. It is inevitable that I get where I want to go, because the other option is a hard pass. Like having seen the promised land, I must make it there or die trying. Anything less is not acceptable. 

And you... still haven't taken step 1. Shit. Maybe it's faster when you have someone with you that loves you a lot? Or maybe that's all just hoping for nothing. 