---
layout: post
title: Sinking
date: 2022-05-29 21:43:25
---

I feel like complete garbage. I guess I still miss her after all this time, and I don't have enough distractions in my life to keep it at bay. It aches something awful. And I feel the loneliness so much more so. It was supposed to be a fun memorial day weekend, but then I got COVID and had to stay isolated at home. And I just haven't been able to recover my sanity. I'm feeling like this is closing in on some local minimum. I've been sinking deeper for the past few days, and haven't found my way back up. This is the darkness inside, that feeling of worthlessness, of powerlessness, and meaninglessness. Like I can't do anything right, I only hurt other people, and I don't bring any joy to others' lives. And it's hard to pull it together as I am, all alone and isolated. I'm still working on expanding my life, and we're still at the threshold of making all of that happen. To align this sociability with the life it should create. I don't have as many friends as my skills allow for. 

And it is this beauty of replacements, or of dissociating. Using porn all day sure passes the time wonderfully. The day is almost over, and I don't think I've done anything at all. Replacing real emotional intimacy with more physical intimacy, or both with physical proximity. Where the void at the bottom of it all is still just feeling all alone, with nobody to rely on, nobody to depend on. Nowhere to turn. 

With you, I'm thinking about you way too much. And the thoughts are all already thought through. The answers to my confusion is this path. The one that was most likely to work, if it does at all. To let you go through your full cycle of a relationship, and maybe you'll realize that it's not worth it, or that there was something better, or perhaps your shame will hold you there forever. And you'll end up with the guy, forevermore. This finality is the true meaning of "love and let go" and it sucks so much not knowing anything. Only that if it was ever something worthwhile, you'll come back around. No matter what you've said. And that scenario has the best chance of working out. Anything less would leave me emotionally lonely, and that would cause a break-up or some deep rooted fight later on. And I would be better off finding someone else. That's my truth, that's my conclusion. That the way you are is and has always had this huge fatal flaw, that would have sunk any kind of longer term thing. 

And I don't want to lose you to your repression. It definitely feels super judgey, but I know this path and I want it for you because your life would feel so much more bright and hopeful. That shame wouldn't be able to survive in it. And that cheery bubbly hannah might be more of a default. 

But.

I can't know how things will turn out. From where I stand, the only good path is to move forwards without regard to you. 
And I know that. It's just super hard to let it go. It's my dysfunctionality, that I can see this pain, and I want to push my fixes onto you before you're ready for it. 