---
layout: post
title: empty
date: 2022-04-03 00:17:14
---

Yeah, still here, still trying to numb it too much, I think we're very much thought out, and anything more on the contingency planning is just refinement. 

I think the special bit is that you want her to figure out her emotional side because that's how you think it can last. And you want it to last. But otherwise, it's just small tweaks on the same old words, the same thoughts that have been running through your mind this past month.

You're dulling out some of your socializing by using so much porn, but it still is kind of hard to control. Perhaps, doing yoga or a regular meditation practice would help with it? It still hurts so much, but at least the fog is mostly gone, and joy is available.

You really need to fill out that thing for therapy.

And get yourself together enough to move forward.

There's so much stuff with family that you have been pushing away. Unresolved thoughts and problems to deal with them. I guess mom thinks she's dying. And trying to tie things up. And I feel so guilty for hating her when she's tried so hard. Even if it wasn't good enough for me. 

Move forward. move forward move forward.
Find a bestie? (not marshall) 
You have all of these friends, but they're so far away. And you're definitely a little bit afraid of opening up again to get burned like that. Since you can't really really tell someone's maturity until you get enough of them in situations that are on that edge where it comes into play. 

Deep emotional connections wiht others. Like these few that you draw on every once in awhile. 