---
layout: post
title: Not the Full Truth
date: 2022-05-04 22:43:17
---

I snuck in one last bit to plant the seed.
That the two main reasons you're mad at me aren't the full truth. 

First that I didn't listen to your boundaries and made you cheat. It's easy to think, and easy to be mad about, but I'm not trying to say you're a bad person, but the truth is that the responsibility is shared. The very first time, I asked your permission. I asked you straight up, if we could sleep together one last time. And you only wavered for a second, and agreed to it. I didn't pressure you, I only asked. And you can say it's my fault for asking, but you share the blame for accepting. It showed me how much you respected your relationship, and I'm sorry, but I never did because it always felt like a rebound from me. And after it happened, you knew what the level of danger was, and we still planned to stay together in new york. Even I was hesitant, but you said it was okay. Even after the cheating, the plans didn't change. And it was you who brought up the whole idea too, even though you knew you were dating him. Is that even okay to sleep in the same bed as your FWB after you start dating someone? It sounds like a recipe for disaster, and you were the chef. And I know there is a lot of my responsibility mixed up in this. That I should keep my hands to myself. That the lines were drawn and we weren't going to snuggle, we weren't going to do anything. And you set up this humongous challenge for me. To resist my urges to keep my hands off of you. And you made it super difficult. I feel like I was almost set up for failure, set up to take the fall. But it is still my fault for not being able to control myself in the end. And the next time, we scheduled for you to come over because it made sense in practice, but was obviously still super dangerous in our context. And you remember you said "Well, at least I tried (not to go to his place)" and left it at that? When you crawled into my bed to "test it out." It felt like such a tease, and I couldn't stop myself from jumping in and snuggling with you because it felt so comfortable, it felt so familiar. I was barely thinking at that point. And I think at that point, I was done for. I was turned on. I wanted you. And I made my comments about "tossing you on the couch and having my way with you," and you responded to me. You egged me on in such a flirty voice, and I couldn't stand it any more. (you gave me the weakest "stop" but you wanted me too.) And the last one, well, the last time you did much better. You tried to stop things early, and I blew through a lot more roadblocks because we had already done it, because I didn't think you cared as much as you said. And if you wanted to blame me for anything, you can blame me for that last time the most. But, to me, given what happened the first few times, I don't think it's a foundational trust issue. I can take responsibility for my mistakes, but given the circumstances, and given the feelings we shared, we just naturally gravitated towards sleeping together, because there's so much amazing chemistry there, and it's really difficult to stop once the ball is rolling. If there's anything you can't trust me for. Then you can't trust me to keep my hands off of you because I want to be together with you, to be close to you and share in that connection. We really didn't give things enough time to cool down before trying to be just friends. And that makes this more a shared blame. And I hope you can forgive me for my part, and be able to see all of your part in it too.

Second that I strung you along for a full year. I know it definitely might have felt like that to you. And I know how that must have hurt you, and for that I am sorry. I told you my whole story, about how I felt, about what I was thinking. And I don't think it is a fair conclusion to say that I strung you along. When we first started hanging out, we definitely get the grace period. The time where there is no definition, and no commitments. Everything was still up in the air, and I was figuring things out, and you were figuring things out too. And I never felt strongly enough to break my thought about not being ready to date seriously. I was definitely still working on stuff, I still had my unscheduled bootcamp ($3000 worth!) that I needed to get done, and I told you as much when you asked. I was completely open and honest I think with where I was and how I felt, and that I wasn't looking for anything serious. And that isn't how you string someone along, because you left. You walked away and told me you were never going to see me again. You remember that? And then you came back of your own free choice. You knew exactly what I wanted, and you agreed to it. I don't think I gave you that much hope for the a future together that you could blame me for. But you chose to stay anyways. For me, even after I fell in love with you, I held it in because I didn't want to lead you on. I still had my doubts, and my things to work on for myself. So, I held in those words, precisely because I didn't want to lead you on too. I didn't want you to get caught up in the fact that I loved you to lead you into believing there was more hope for being together. Even when I thought it could happen, even when my heart wanted it all. I held it back because my head said there was still stuff to work on. I was also quietly working through some of my doubts, trying to see hwo things would shake out. Trying to figure out when covid would go away enough that I could go do my bootcamp. And get to a point where my heart and my mind agreed together, that I want to be with this girl, so "will you be my girlfriend?" And you obviously know, everything fell apart, and the plans all got rushed. And I felt that I missed out on a lot because I didn't say anything. I never said anything more until the very end, so I don't understand how you could honestly think I strung you along. And well, I want to be completely honest, and fully transparent with you now. In hopes that it's not tooooo late.

It really feels to me that you're hurting because I walked away. I left without saying a word, because my heart was bleeding, and I needed the space, and I really didn't have the capacity to consider anything else. You are the one that I've loved the most in my life so far. And it's quite a painful experience to lose you. And yeah, I know if not you, there will be another. But, I really don't want to leave things this messed up. I don't think I will have any regrets because I pushed until the very end, but it still feels bad to leave you like this, when I could comfort you. 