---
layout: post
title: Laying it to Rest
date: 2022-04-30 09:42:52
---

It pains me to know that I wasn't able to do right by you. And I won't love you any more than I do now, because these feelings for you need to be put to rest. 

So in this moment, there is a small promise to you, that if you ever came around and trusted me again, I would commit to you on one condition. That you promise to work on yourself, like finding a therapist and doing all that you can to heal your heart, because it changed my life, Even if I'm not quite there yet. And I want you to be able to find this too. That feeling of being fully alive. And I'm glad I was able to give you a taste, but I want you to have all of it. Of course, contingent on my availability in the future. My wish for you is that you finally hit your inflection point. How many other guys will it take? Who knows. But the truth is that the emptiness is a part of you, and the guys you date will never be able to fill that void.

I might just attract very similar people to myself, and that's sort of a way things work. I can see that people behave in ways that align with decent rationality. And for me, in my core, there's this great big ball of darkness. Some might call it the void, the abyss, nothingness, emptiness, death, despair, a black hole. And I feel it within me especially clearly now. But it is the deepest terror of oblivion. That I mean nothing to nobody, and I just disappear. It is death while alive. And for me, maybe I just started as a sensitive kid, maybe I would have been okay if my brother hadn't gotten sick. Maybe my black hole would have been smaller, and I'd never notice it enough to fix.

I feel you have a similar part of you, except that you've buried it away along with your connection to emotion. But, no matter how cut off your mind is, emotion still connects to the body, and influences your action and your sensations. I think I was able to touch that deepest part of you. To fill it up to some degree. That to me is the reason for your summer of fun. My ability to connect with you on a deep emotional level which is "nourishing for your soul" in a way you've probably never felt before. Made you so much more happy and at ease to go and have fun. It's so unusual to you that you don't even recognize it, which is disappointing. Because, then, when I walked away to take care of myself without telling you anything. The pain that I had eased came flooding back. And I think you blame me for that. Your narrative definitely makes it all my fault. So, I hope my letter will percolate into your memory. Your heart knows that I loved you deeply, that I cared about you as best as I could. That I was open and honest about where I was at in my life, and you knew what I wanted, so I didn't string you along. That I've made you aware of my plans, and I stuck to my timelines. Maybe your heart will tell you about it someday. Maybe you'll see me in your dreams. 

And this stuff is super tough. For me to be sensitive and aware of my inner sense of oblivion, and the deepest sense of terror possible, it takes a lot and I have to keep it at a distance. Not a lot of people ever make the leap like that towards the pain. You get your emotional repression because it is a marvelous defense mechanism against it. I never learned how to do that well, but I numbed out with porn and video games. These self-destructions serve the very real purpose of preventing the mind from being overwhelmed by despair. Which in itself is just as bad as dying. But those walls can't hold forever, and if they do, it leaks out in other ways. And all of that potential harm to you, pains me. 

I'm going to keep saying it, but I love you more than you know. And maybe you think you can't trust me, but I can listen to you most of the time, I just can't trust myself to keep my hands off your body, because I always wanted to be close to you and connect with you. And that honestly isn't a problem if we're together. Also that I can hear your heart and your body aching for it. To be touched, and to be loved like I can do. But that starts to sound like the ramblings of a crazy man. And you wouldn't understand it at all. 

I pray to the heavens that you will someday look back upon our time together with fondness. That this pain will subside, and you'll realize just how wonderful things were. Or maybe you'll finally hit a low point and find a therapist. I wish that you'll find your inflection point, because there's a wonderful, amazing, beautiful Hannah in there, that I've seen glimpses of. That bubbliness in New York, the inflection in your voice, the beautiful singing voice, seeing you comfortable and happy and relaxed. I wish that your life will get there eventually. And if I am given the opportunity again, I'll do my best to make it happen. But for now, I lay these feelings to rest. 