---
layout: post
title: Low Points
date: 2022-06-05 00:05:39
---

I took this isolation period pretty hard. It spiraled pretty hard out of control. The feeling of all this progress in reaching out and searching for connections, foiled in an instant, to feel down and out again, with nobody to care about me, or to check up and take care of me. It pulled me into a dark place right when I was least stable. I got completely lost in this rumination cycle, working and reworking through the hopes that I have left for me, and all that it would take for that timeline to materialize. But, it makes me desperate, and that's never a good look, and never a good feeling. I need to move my life forwards without you. But I want to remember these locks on the door. That it would take you one of the realizations that would put you in an inflection point. That the love we shared was real and deep, that you're tired of repeating the same things with these other guys, and you want to know what was special, what made your heart want to move in with me, to be with me, to be present and awake with me. And then the promise to work on growing out of your emotional repression. But also the willingness to tough it out through repairing our own relationship through all this hurt that we've caused each other. And I can listen to you and understand you, but you'll have to listen to my side and understand and apologize and if we can get through all of that and forgive each other. That's the path forward. And it's sounds like so much, the path is truly threading through the eye of a needle. I don't see how this would ever actually happen. But that is what it would take. And it puts my feeling of hope into perspective, because that's only the start. There's the notion that if you can grow out of your emotional repression, love will take care of the rest. Like your interest in climbing and exercise, meekly asking about kettlebell squats for my sake. That bubbly happy Hannah that comes up. It all seems reachable with love, but without you growing your emotional skills, and getting past your own repression, none of that can happen. And that makes it pretty much hopeless. So, with these feelings packed away, the most reasonable course of action is to set it down and let it fade out slowly. There's so much hurt that we've caused each other that needs to be worked through, and it feels almost impossible that such a thing will come to pass. No matter how much you want to talk about these promises or fate or destiny and this thread that links our hearts. Is it really powerful enough? I kind of doubt it. 

And congratulations on graduating, you look like you're doing well, probably better than I am. I'm sure he's a decent guy, so you'll be okay. It's out of my control anyways, and not my responsibility.