---
layout: post
title: Message in a Bottle
date: 2022-05-01 22:46:26
---

With the idea that if you reached out, this is what I would send you.

A time capsule, from that time. 
My perspective from what I know and what I've felt and seen. You may not agree but that's not the point.

Hannah, I hope you were able to get through the pain. Because I know it must have hurt a lot, because I feel the same heart-wrenching pain. And maybe you could see that the pain came mostly from the feeling of loss. That we're cutting off this relationship and it means a lot to both of us. And losing that is just tearing out a piece of your heart and tearing out a piece of mine. 
I see you trying to explain away your pain with anger. You say you've "honestly already gotten over me," but was that really the truth? There was so much good between us that you need to make peace with, and if I saw you again, would you feel absolutely nothing? Because, the reasons you're using aren't quite truthful, and I feel the need to defend myself.

And I know you're hurt and angry, that I walked away without a word and left you hanging. I told you once that I would never want to leave you. And I want to say that still stands, because I never wanted to. I hurt so much from being rejected, that I needed to back off and heal. I needed the space so I wouldn't bleed all over you. And in my pain, I didn't have the capacity to consider your feelings. And I'm sorry, for leaving you hanging without any words, but I don't think I could have done much better given the circumstances. 

You said that I can't be trusted to listen to what you say. And that could be true, but you also need to remember your half of the responsibility. You agreed the first time when I explicitly asked for permission. You agreed to one last time with no pressure. And that tells me just how much you respected your commitment with Kevin. And for every time after that, well I let my horniness take me. That lust for you and your body and the feeling of connecting with you. I missed that feeling of being one with you with our hearts in sync. And I let it control me, and that part is my fault, my responsibility. But also, I always got mixed messages from you. That desire arising from your heart and running into this conscious knowledge of your commitment. Asking for back massages. Setting things up so we slept together in New York when clearly a bad idea. Your "well I tried not to go to your place, oh well." Crawling into my bed to "test it out." Responding to me saying "I would pin you down and have my way with you." I would hope that you can see your contributions to those outcomes, especially given how dangerous the situations were. I would conclude that I don't think you can trust me to keep my hands off your body, especially when you're actively encouraging it, which isn't a problem at all if we were together. It is much less of an issue than that you can't trust me to respect any of your words or your boundaries. 

And you said I led you on. Strung you along for a whole year. And I get why you feel that way, but I was very clear. Once we had the first talk, I was very open and honest about what I was expecting and what I wanted. That I wasn't looking for anything serious because I didn't feel ready for it. You knew that. And I always told you I wanted less than I felt, so I knew I was sure, and I wouldn't lead you on with empty promises. So in relationship definitions, from beginning to March/April was the initial meet phase, with no expectations. Once we talked over it, and the DTR was friends with benefits. That I liked you a lot, but I was not ready for anything serious. You said you would never see me again. But you came back of your own volition. So I don't see how I ever gave you any false hopes. I never said I wanted more than that. When my delusions finally broke in October, I told you my plans, gave you my timelines, and stuck to it. The plan was for April, and I scooted things up to February because I missed you, and I felt ready enough. I tried in February. I tried in April like I told you. And here we are. Did I lie to keep you around? I never thought so. I thought I gave you less hope than existed, to make sure I didn't lead you on.

For me, the love still stands. I care about you deeply, and I want to you to be happy, to be your best self. I want to get to know you better and spend a lot of time with you and do a lot of things with you. But, I need to let these feelings go because it hurts a lot to hold onto that hope. So it will have faded a lot, but the seed will always be there. I will always care about you, I will always hope you're doing okay, but for my sanity, I won't allow myself to look or check.

And the seeds of hope that I hold on to are these.
I think if I had started out more seriously with you, I might have brought up these issues more quickly. And it really is all about personal growth and emotional repression, and emotional maturity. I had spent a lot of energy trying to figure out those aspects of you. Poking around in how you felt about things like "what you were feeling in new york that made you act so bubbly and cheerful." response: an emotion-free "It was the first trip we had taken together," or the other situation of "what were you feeling when we first met? Why did you cuddle me so tightly?" response: "I don't know, maybe I was lonely?" Or trying to talk through my hurt about being called a robot, and me immediately backpedaling because I felt you getting defensive, and I wasn't sure how to deal with that because I wasn't even accusing you of doing anything wrong. I felt your emotional repression acutely, and I couldn't figure out a way around it. Because I need to be able to connect with you on that level, I want to get to know you at that depth.

I will say that I wasn't nearly as ready to make things work when we first met, and I've learned so much, and gained so much in this time, so a lot of this is hindsight, and it probably could not have gone much better than it did.

My life goal is to be someone, and find someone such that I can be the disgustingly in love couple at 60, 70, 80, and beyond. To avoid all the pitfalls that I see in my parents and all of my family. They fought bitterly in the past, and even though they've mellowed out now and are nicer to each other, the love isn't really there. They stayed together for the kids, and that is the saddest thing to me, because I can clearly see just how sad they are together. I am so very persistent about this "personal growth", because it is the path that I have found to reach my goal of falling in love and staying in love. It might be the only way, and I want my life to go that way instead of anything worse. And there are so many ways to talk through this, and I would love to have that chance to make it happen with you. 

I hope that you can see that I did and do love you very much. How much I loved and how much I cared. Maybe you'll have realized that I just might be the only human who has ever loved you that much. And I know that it's scary, it's new and different, and you weren't able to appreciate all that it meant, or feel with your heart just how deep that love runs. So on this level, I'd need you to work through your emotional repression because otherwise, you will never be able to understand just how much I can love. Just how much I did love you and could love you.

If we can agree that I love you very much. We can talk about how one of the aspects of that love's expression is wanting to get to know all of you. Every single part of you, mental, physical, emotional. Mental is easy, it is the "how was your day?" talks, or what you work on, and how things are going, what your plans are, your likes, your dislikes, your passions, your hobbies, your friends. Basic life details. Physical is getting to know every inch of your body. From your messy hair, to your boopable nose, your prickly mustache hairs, and your kissable lips. All of the places to kiss, to caress, to hold, to touch. Your perfectly shaped boobs, the nipples that should be more chapped, your perfect pussy that I could lick all day, even your cracked soles. Every inch to be explored and loved. Emotional is, well I always came to a wall on the emotional part. Any attempts to connect feel like banging on a brick wall. And so, I know I can't get to know that part of you without you breaking your own walls down. Because you don't have access to your own feelings. I can't get to know that part of you until you yourself do too. And I want that, it's a whole third of your being, and our bond would never feel complete without it.

And you've tried on a taste of this love, and I think because you've never felt this loved before, it's an alien sensation. But it is in a sense, nourishing to the soul to feel loved and appreciated for who you are, and everything that you are, to feel like your heart has a place to be. And that empowers you to go live your life more fully. It is what I think motivated your "summer of fun" and all the things you did then. It is the source for that new york bubbliness and cheerfulness, and want that to be your life. I want you to be able to understand that and to see it clearly for how it is. It is that feeling of presence, of being entirely here with me. Of feeling alive and awake. 

And growing your connection to your emotions is required in the long-term view of my goals. To be able to reciprocate the action of emotional maintenance for the relationship. Spending time just seeing and being seen for who we truly are together. But also the empathic or non-violent communication skills to help defuse conflict and help treat the roots of discontent, rather than just fighting symptoms. Those are all skills up in the emotional maturity skill tree. Things that could keep the honeymoon feeling going forever. Wouldn't that be wonderful? It wouldn't be free of work, but it would take more skill and discipline, but it would be way more efficient, so we can treat the real problems and get right back to loving. 

On a basic level, no child becomes as emotionally repressed as you are without a good reason to. That's a simple enough idea, that I think both of us can agree is the truth. It means that cutting off your emotions was beneficial to you at some point in your past, and usually that means growing up as a child with your parents.
And yeah, working through your emotional repression is not going to be easy. For you there are definitely many painful memories from your childhood that you've buried away. Those create an emotional plug that blocks the free flow of feelings between your mind and your heart. So these old buried feelings of fear and pain, which were completely overwhelming for you as a child, got stuck. They lie unprocessed in your body, ready to come out if you're ready to go digging for them. A few pointers for where you can start looking. The abandonment thread, feeling or knowing that your parents didn't want to have you, a mistake from bad cycle timing. The communication on the emotional level that your parents weren't really ready for a kid, and didn't really want you, didn't know what to do with you. The sensations behind "I was just this weird kid that would occasionally convulse and shiver." It's a deep emotional pain to feel unwanted by your own parents. That story of being left outside in the cold and snow, locked out. Waiting for parents to come home with no certainty that you wouldn't end up freezing to death. That's existential terror. The epilepsy you had before, where epilepsy itself is an inability to properly control overwhelming emotions or sensations, but going into seizures must also be terrifying for a kid. How did your parents treat you in that time, did they make you feel okay? or was it more cold because they didn't know what to do? All these events help to make a little kid shut down their emotional needs, because they aren't being met. It's just easier to bury and pretend than to cause a problem trying to get those needs met, especially when there is no hope for doing so.

And yeah, that's all stuff that you need to find a good therapist to help you work through, but this intensely deep love is what awaits on the other side. A life filled with color and light and happiness. Where you feel your heart filled up, and you feel fully alive. And I wish for you to have that because I love you, and I'm super frustrated now, because I can't help you get there. And I feel a lot of pain for you, because I know that you might always be stuck here. 

I will hope and pray that you find your way. That you might realize some of these truths and come looking for me to know the rest. And I know this all happening is extremely unlikely. So, I put this down in writing, so I can let it go in the present. I love you I love you I love you I love you. I hope this reaches your heart. 