---
layout: post
title: Self Care
date: 2022-02-22 23:36:53
---

I imagine my growth like a hot-air balloon.

My major wounds have been patched up, so I’m no longer very leaky. 

And then I got filled up with so much love, because of you, because of her.

And then I let go, I feel myself rising to meet who I could be.

And... the fixer says once I'm aloft, it's easier to help others.


You texted me some small-talk drivel. And I don't know what to say back. I assumed no-contact, you seemed to think we could still occasionally talk and play games together, and that this would only be not seeing each other in person. I don't know. It definitely wasn't clear, but it was a bigger break. I think part of me just felt so desperate and cringey, and the moment that false reality shattered, I realized a bunch of things that I had been holding back. That I needed to let you go, that as much as you care about me, it's not enough. That I wasn't worth it to you. And that cut really deep, and it hurt, and it still hurts. 

But, letting go set me free, so that I could see myself more clearly, and you more clearly. And some of the incomplete thoughts snapped into focus. 

We're both broken people, that's kind of how these things always work out. And maybe all of this is just mirroring my own faults onto you, but it feels like you have something holding you back from being your best self. And us together might be okay, but could be better if I spent more time working on myself, and you started looking into it. I would be afraid now of our dysfunctions colliding together and reinforcing itself. 

All of your self-appraisals. Being "emotionally repressed", that I'm too intense sometimes, that the explanations for certain events seems so surface level or confused (our beginning, nyc trip). All points to an underdeveloped sense of emotion. And then relationally, it seems to that you might not know how to get your needs met in a clear and direct manner. Moodiness, tsundere, loss of interest. I thought that you would be okay with some of those things since you did bring things up to me about us, and it helped things work better. And it happened in ways that weren't thorny or spiny, very clearly a personal need or request, with no blame. You didn't just stew on it until it broke things and maybe I was too hopeful that it was a healthy thing. 

There's something there at the base. It sounds like you're lacking in emotional connection. That he isn't the "type" of person to open up about any feelings, and you seem to be okay with that. But, talking about feelings and going in deep, that's the fuel for any kind of passionate fire. To be able to open up about the emotional side allows vulnerability and closeness in a way that just talking on the surface can never do. And that for me builds into better sex, because your heart and your body then feel comfortable enough to truly let go and experience being fully open. 
...
too sleeepy for this

There's so much more richness and color when you start working on it, I wish you could see it. Although, you definitely do somewhat. When you've mentioned that you feel more conscious, more awake, more present around me. That's some of my influence upon you, pulling you into my world. I'm not quite complete, but at the very least, my emotional side is more developed. And it's so strange that you can see that and feel that, but you still don't understand it enough to desire it for yourself, to believe that you're worth it. 
