---
layout: post
title: The Plan
date: 2022-03-20 23:07:11
---

Eddie is leaving soon, so we're celebrating the last few nights of his time here. He's more of a goofball and a fun friend than anything super serious, but we have a decent relationship with him and his girlfriend Kate. Especially since we got invited to be part of the "cabin crew" for one summer. The one time I brought Hannah along. It will be sad to see them go, but there isn't a huge attachment there, so not quite painful. And with this, we're trying to get out more with Blase and them, they seem more like fun people, and living in the city kind of screens for that. I think I would want to live in the city next time I move. 
Which is that now I have one more friend I could contact in the Seattle area. There are quite a few, and it would be a lot of fun I'm sure, especially if I move to the city area, and live out the more social aspects of my life. I think I would enjoy that more now rather than being a loner in the burbs. And the car will be paid off, and especially with a higher salary, I think it will work out okay on my budget. 


On the aside, this was about getting the "plan" down. Otherwise known as my map of my emotional journey. 

You have said a few things yourself about our relationship vs him, and I'm sure the many before. You felt conscious/present/awake around me. Fully with me when we're together. The comfort shows up in your unconscious desire to just snuggle up with me, but also... Clearly no guys making you orgasm is now a falsehood, but it is just a symptom, a consequence of my ability to pull you in to connect with you, and make you feel safe and secure, able to at least be vulnerable with your body. You said so yourself, cumming that hard is a really vulnerable experience, so much that you have to hide your face and your tears. And that at the end of the day is my secret sauce. Those are what I think are the only real things that make us different for you, and maybe it is what you're truly looking for. I could probably never get bored of being with you if it was like that. 

In short
- comfort/snuggles
- presence/connection
- emotional vulnerability/security

### Step 1
Knowing that I don't want what my parents have. I've seen where that leads, and mine are definitely worse than yours. But the real truth here is that I've not been taught by them how to be how I WANT to be, so I am tasked with either submitting to the fate and pass on my parents' legacy, or to go seek out my own path, searching for what I think is best. Thus, committing to self-growth, self-reflection, self-improvement, all those good work-on-myself and therapy-ish things.

### Step 2
Emotion, (e-motion) is the root of our actions. And we must get to know ourselves in that manner, so we have a good understanding of what motivates us, and what really drives us to action. Without a solid connection between our conscious and unconscious halves, we can really only make blind guesses and bad rationalizations. Knowing that this is an important facet drives the desire to understand it and play around in it.

### Step 3
For me, it took some time in therapy to bring down the walls around my feelings that I had put up as a kid. Which, unfortunately is probably the truth for most. So much unprocessed pain from my parents neglecting my emotional side, both just as they are, and the more severe version due to our extra family trauma layered on top. Those walls serve a purpose, and for me it was to hide my pain from me, because there was no ability to process it, and nobody to help me understand and figure things out. So it's almost like stopping up a bathtub full of tears. Things that need to be let out get held in and fester. And that would be fine, but the main effect is that putting up walls like that to protect our fragile self from our pain, also blocks out the full nuanced experience of all the other emotions that we have. You can't block just the sadness, and just the pain, it's all or nothing. I end up having only partial access to my own feelings. Although, very strong emotions do leak out the sides. We still can't stop our emotions from driving our actions, but understanding is completely blocked. A note here is that once that internal connection is made, dogs/cats/pets make more sense! They only express in pure emotions, no words. They're like mute little furry people. And they are all more expressive than people because they have no other way to be, no other options to communicate with.

### Step 4 
Experiencing and learning more about my own emotions. Playing, feeling, exploring the space, trying to watch it in other people, building empathy and connecting with other people's emotions. This is some work honestly done with you, connecting with you on an emotional level, and also in the pickup stuff, making that connection and getting a read on girls. Honestly it's so very interesting, like a whole new world opened up. More things make sense when this layer is added in, and being able to partake gives life that much more depth. 

### Step 5
Using that skill of empathy deal with fights, or disagreements, or getting needs met. Both people need these skills in the best case, or at least both/one working on it. It changes fights from, anger and screaming and dissatisfaction and immature indirect methods to try to get needs met, to direct, open, and vulnerable methods that make things super clear and super easy. Like "YOU NEVER WASH YOUR FUCKING DISHES." Into more like "I prefer my kitchen to be neat and clean, can you help me out with that?" or more honestly, "I feel super unloved and forgotten, can we do a date night? I miss you"

