---
layout: post
title: The Self
date: 2022-02-26 14:20:16
---

I definitely need to disconnect from Hannah, and I know that it will be hard to push her out of my mind, and with a lot of these things that pull us back to thoughts of her, and how she might be doing. There probably will be other thoughts, but I think we'll go back and edit the letter, and not have this set as something you'd send her. 

I'm falling into a porn sink-hole, and I need to figure out what is going on. Something like you miss having the feeling of connection. That depth with someone. Which is why spending time with Grace is pretty nice, and quells that feeling, seeing Hannah and getting her to hang out and open up. Feeling connected. Nourishes my soul, and my heart, and my mind. These friendships that we also need to develop don't tend to go that far. But porn is also, at least watching people have really good emotional-ish sex kind of fills that gap. We're no longer looking for the rough pounding with loud noises and stuff, but if the girl looks like she's genuinely enjoying it, that's a big turn on, and temporarily fills up this void. I guess, this means we do need to go out and meet girls. Find someone who will sleep with you, perhaps on the regular, and that might feel better. Or perhaps it is just a rebounding feeling, and your heart will get used to not having that one deep connection. And the distant connection with Grace will do enough to keep you filled up. Or that all the little connections you have with your "support network" will be enough to get you through most of the time.

But then, to be honest, did you really have a deep connection with Hannah? It was a lopsided dynamic. You opened up about a lot of your things in your life, but didn't get a whole lot in return. She did become super comfortable with you for it, but you were feeling that squeeze of one-sided self disclosure. It brought out some more of her openness, but not nearly as much as you will have needed in the long term. Always saying that she didn't have that much to talk about. Which is a truth but also a lie. I've felt it myself, when you really get there, you just start telling stories and sharing memories. Painful things, histories, little things that help the other person understand you. But really, being in touch with the emotional side helps me to see what is important to me, and maybe I'll share those and get some opinions, or just to get it off my chest. But obviously, that's basic emotional health. The sex was amazing, because you were able to connect with her so well, and push your influence to allow her to feel the same for you, even though she wasn't personally at the same level of comfort.

It is weird to think, how did cavemen deal with these things? Maybe it was easier without words. There wasn't anything to get in the way and push back the pure expression of emotion. Without words, we could only respond to emotion with emotion. Presumably those things just didn't happen then. But how did we understand our own feelings? Or perhaps there was no need, because the conscious mind doesn't need to if it is completely wrapped up in the feelings. It really only is by separation of the two that problems arise. We're not fully integrated. Incomplete beings with our other halves shut in a closet.

If I can fix you, you'll love me forever? Is kind of a truth, sells myself short. I am lovable even if you don't need fixing.

The complicated bundle of feelings doesn't make any specific actions okay. 

Be a player, but don't lead people on, and be very clear. I'm casually dating people, not looking for anything serious. Honestly working on myself a lot, and not looking to settle down until I figure it out. 

A surface level friendship with Hannah at this point would be very awful, it would hold the door open, and keep her from feeling so badly, but would keep me in a bind, and hold my heart hostage.

I don't want to deal with my own problems, so I'll try to deal with others'. Trying to distract my caring away from myself by placing the spotlight on others. 

Being a backup sucks so much. Disrespects my feelings, and her own feelings, and her boyfriend. 
But did I do the same thing to her? I didn't say anything about not being serious before we slept together, but after she knew, she knew, and kept going, by her own choice. I did say my intentions, that she was the one I wanted, but only after that boyfriend... And that I wanted to figure stuff out first. 

Sadness is unavoidable, but suffering is a choice. 

Time to do some heart breaking :/ Like that Jenn girl. 

Anything further with Grace is just going in knowing that it will hurt a lot. She's awful rebound material because you'll have another week-long heartbreak after it. 