---
layout: post
title: [untitled]
date: 2022-02-19 15:34:01
---

Still healing from the ache. We definitely need to get back into doing the things that we would do for ourselves. Everything that I had rationalized dropping before in my mad scramble for completion. We're still thinking about her way too much. So much of the same books also seem to apply on both ends, and I wish she could see it and take the same journey with you. But that's also way too much consideration for someone that you need to let go completely. 

Assume that it is a never again this time. 

There's so much thinking now, about how my intuition is probably correct. That I wasn't ready to be a emotionally mature person, and that also means neither are you.
There was always that niggling doubt about  self-discipline, not exercising, not keeping clean, culminating in a not loving the self completely. 

I felt very loved before things went down, and I thought maybe that you felt the same, and that drove you to go out and have more fun and be more active and social. Life expansion. Like love propelled you forward with more confidence? But, maybe my interpretation is wrong, and you're right about an identity crisis. I certainly felt more powerful knowing that someone loves me. 

Maybe if (here I go again) you end up coming back, you might be more open to my self-improvement stuff and at least have an open mind about trying to understand yourself and what might be going on. 7 relationships with different guys that all ended up badly. A string of disappointing relationships. What will you do, keep trying the same thing until you at last settle for someone? 

That's not my goal here. There's so much more trauma that I need to heal from, and my body will no longer allow me to fall into the same traps. There are preset traps of depression and internal anguish if that happens, and I will feel completely miserable. So, in some ways, I have no choice but to heal everything and find someone that is the same. Someone who sees the same perspective, and has the desire to work through it all. 

I think in a lot of ways, I felt lots of time pressure. Like I want to leave this place already and look for better work, but I didn't want to leave without you by my side. And so, each passing day is one less to spend here trying to get to you. I didn't want to time crunch you into coming along with no time to consider it or to feel things out. But that definitely isn't the right way to think or go about these matters. If it happens it happens. And now thinking that way makes it much less likely, or not at all. 

passion
integrity
happiness
intelligence
sexual assertiveness
commitment to personal growth

Was a new list that this book gave for the bare minimum to look for. 

You know, this is a trap of your own making, that feeling of inevitability is your own choice.