---
layout: post
title: Calmer
date: 2022-03-06 23:50:51
---

I think at the end of the day, the torn feeling in my heart is this:
I can feel that you're pushing me away, but you're also refusing to let me go. 
I can't sit still in this friends zone. I want to get to know you; everything about you. 
It hurts too much for me to only be able to watch from afar.
And I can't help but feel like I'm being strung along. 
Close enough so I can't forget you, but far enough away so our closeness isn't a danger.

And either I endure this confused shittiness, or I say "no deal" and walk away. It hurts both ways, and I've had enough. 
I know you won't be able to forget me, but I'm still afraid that you will.

This pain buys me a sense of freedom, to calm my own feelings, to reflect on everything and grow. Which scares me because my growth also means growing apart from you.
I'm able to search for more ways be, and find some answers and ideas for my own path forward because I definitely have things to work on still. 

And then this lingering bit.

I love you, and I know I shouldn't have fallen for you. That it isn't really part of FWB, but it happened, quietly and then all at once. I wonder if you ever noticed, I'd omit the word "love" from some phrases because it felt weird to say. And that wasn't about anything other than that it felt manipulative if I were to tell you what I felt. The repeating thought was something like "this is so comforting, she could be it! But then, how am I supposed to go learn how to date? There might not be another chance if we got together." And I wonder if I should tell you in person ever. If it would just be confusing and hurtful or something nice to share.

I have a lot to apologize for. Pushing your boundaries, ignoring your words, giving you so much to feel guilty about. For those I am sorry, and my action here is to back up, cool off, and calm down. To listen more intently, to respect your words.

Onwards we go, hopefully you can come along at some point, but it's not required. 