---
layout: post
title: Recovery
date: 2022-05-26 23:30:15
---

Spent a lot of time watching anime and playing video games and not doing very much. And it's been kind of nice. I probably did like 10 hours of work total all week. I've had a lot of time to think, in between my feverish-ness and general achiness. I think it no longer hurts to think about you, that heartbreak feeling no longer comes up to much, but it still feels wistful, nostalgic, like a dreamy could have been. And that little gem of hope will stand for awhile yet, and leaves me this rebound feeling for maybe the rest of the year. I don't know if I want to date seriously, or just have some fun. Perhaps having an attachment with a dog will open me up to just having some flings. Or perhaps jacking off every once in awhile is going to be enough. You can definitely still make emotional attachments to other people, guys and girls, and maybe that will be the softer method for filling yourself up in a way that is more spread out. And that avoids all the pitfalls of leading people on, or falling in love when you aren't serious enough to take it all the way through. 

Still waiting on getting dog, I feel like the shelter is giving me the run-around because I'm not a great candidate, but they're worried they won't get any other takers. So, hopefully they'll break and let me have him. The min pin x shiba sounds like a good combo, 17lbs is a good small-ish, but not teensy, 8 years old, so not going to last a whole lot of time, and the isolation case, which means to me a test bed for how good I am at getting people to open up. It's all the same anyways. Dogs, humans, cats. Emotional cores are still emotional cores. 

It makes you sound like you could be a manipulative person. But, that's just the scientist in you. Science is made that way too. Once you find the core of a phenomenon, it allows you to manipulate its outcomes at will. At least, the right discovery lets you do that. But, like they say, power is power, and knowledge gives you more power. The morals come in through what you do with it. Whether it's for nuclear bombs or nuclear power plants. To help make other peoples' lives better, or to selfishly get your own, and screw others over. 

Or perhaps I'm getting way ahead of myself, and none of this is correct. It hasn't really worked with anyone else yet, and you've never actually pulled. Only Marshall knows your skills in your singular almost-there time. Maybe everything is wrong. You think that the truth with hannah will rise to the surface eventually. That you loved her more than anyone ever has, that this anger grew from her pain of losing me. That I meant too much to her, and she doesn't know what to do with it. But, what. 'The markets can remain irrational longer than I can remain solvent.' She can bury those feelings far longer than I wanted, far more effectively than I will ever know how. 

But at least for now, my own tears are dry. My bleeding heart has scabbed over, and it is healing slowly. And, there's not very much you can do to help her. It really just is a waiting game. To see if the pain can fade enough for her to see clearly enough. That if she can forgive herself enough to get out of her shame. That this love you gave her, and whatever love she feels for you, can come back to the surface in a way that is undeniable. Maybe it won't happen, but it probably will take until at least July. There's no guarantee on anything. There's some super careful balancing about a strong enough love that it's irrepressable, but also not so strong as to create an overwhelming pain of loss. Makes for such a fine balance, and you never considered those things until after, so good luck. 

Your own path forward, after this COVID isolation time, to grow in your own ways, to make those friends, and practice those skills. To hone it all, so you know how to quickly meet new people, and talk. talk talk talk. Share your energy and your vibe. It's not even about getting them to like you, although that's a nice side-effect. Who really cares if they do, or they don't. If they don't like my vibe, they're probably not worth spending time with anyways. To grow your social circle in your own life so you can live a life that you do enjoy, with a bunch of friends and people that you care about that are close by. Go find those, there's a bunch of choices, and you have the tools to tell what works. 

False dichotomies I think is a big part of my mental processes. Either expanding two ends of a spectrum, and adding in a second axis, or a 3rd option, or just discarding the buckets for something that runs deeper and makes more sense. But, that's not a journaling sort of topic, just a normal sort of thinking. 