---
layout: post
title: Forward
date: 2022-02-24 22:48:42
---

I feel bad about the fact that I needed to let you go to move forward with myself. Some part of that connection was holding me back, because maybe instinctually, that I would grow too much, and the gap would grow so large between us. You caught me in the transition period. I understand what might need work, and I have a lot of ideas for how to accomplish it, but I am still not completely through that process. One foot in my past and bad habits, one for in the future. Compatible with you where you are, but also moving away from it. And now, all of this knowledge, I want to give it all to you, to bring you forwards to where I am, it's brighter, lighter, more colorful, and a lot more fun. 

If we committed, I would have said those three words to you already. It doesn't mean things will work, but the feelings have been there for a long time. Instead, I always held it back, afraid that it would be manipulative to say it out loud. But, maybe as long as you understand that love is love, and nothing more, nothing less. Then I would. Maybe you need to hear it. 

So much of what this book says lines up so well with your actions, with how you feel to me. How you interpret these sensations that I bring. Am I too intense? Or just emotionally connected, and wanting to connect with you. You're so used to such detached relationships, you think that the real difference is my pheromones or something, always making you horny. 

The signs and symptoms are your stories of neglect, being left out in the snow and cold. Parents that forget you're out and don't make sure you come back home. The way you deal with your mother, like managing her moods rather than talking to a friend. The raw sensation of being your parents' weird kid that they don't know what to do with and occasionally has seizures. Being an unplanned accident, feeling somewhat unwanted knowing that. All of those things, the major emotional markers in your history. All seem to point in the same direction. 

And, perhaps this will all work out for the best, because you weren't quite receptive of my evaluation before, when I mentioned it in passing. That letting you go allowed me to move forward with my life, and when you finally break it off, you'll be more open to change. To figure out why you keep ending up with these guys who feel like different shades of gray. To figure out why being with me was so different, so much more intense. But also, maybe you won't come to that realization. And then, I'll just have to remember that I'm not responsible for you, not responsible for where you take your life, not responsible for all the happiness that could be yours. I can't fix you. I can only show you the path.

And, I think I'm running out of thoughts in this realm, the only thing left is to let this sadness, this deep, deep cut to my heart to close up and heal. Let it pass, because I can't change anything now anyways. 

I'm sorry that I have to cut you off, but I need the space to move forwards, to let you go for real. And maybe this will help you feel, and help you understand what I mean to you. You're trying to keep me around because I mean a lot, but not enough to break up with this dead-end relationship. So... whatever that means, feels really bad to me. Though it may very well be that you're incredibly afraid of that confrontation. You just want it to fade out like all the others. Like you want me to fade away. I don't think you can. I've definitely left an imprint on you, and I really hope it makes you curious what that was, or maybe it will always hurt too much to explore. 

Me. To see so clearly now, and not be able to help. To yell and scream from the sidelines knowing it's completely ineffectual. My burden to bear for falling in love with you. 