---
layout: post
title: Memories
date: 2022-06-11 23:48:44
---

Went and scheduled out an entire day for activities, leaving thor home alone for a long long stretch of time. This is my summer of fun, even if I don't take any vacations, though I might go to Mexico for Alonso. And it does feel like this growth is something that I do need to have. The byproduct of freeing up my socializing skills after learning about pick-up. That having that emotional acuity and the ability to be social and just talk and vibe and enjoy people's company. I am building up my life as someone who does have a lot of friends and people to hang out with. And that is the outer growth that lines up with the inner growth. It's a lot of fun actually, and I wish I'd gotten here sooner, but of course, everything in its time. It is all of the practical classes after having freed my heart from its pain. This is how I use it to enjoy myself and others, and to share this fun energy. To love others and take care of their hearts. And it feels like this is the same thing for parenting. Attunement, feeling deeply, being compassionate, and learning as much as I can. Names are easy because I care, talking is fun because I don't truly give a shit. I say insulting things sometimes, and it doesn't even matter. No loss of state when interacting, no neediness, just confidence. 

Today was fun, it was conservatory, the zoo, late lunch, and kayaking. I felt the memories coming back near the zoo area, because it's really close to where you live, and we'd walked by that spot so many times. But, the north pond probably has stronger associations. But I that twinge in my heart. It all reminded me of you, and all of that time we spent together, the walks around the neighborhood, mostly when it was darker though. And it still hurts a lot, but it is fading. I hope someday I can remember without this pain, to look back at the few photos and remember you fondly. And it definitely feels like this is the only thing. I can't believe that there is another chance in the future. My hopefulness, and my understanding of you says there could be, that you'll finally feel fed up with him at some point, that you'll come back around to these memories and realize that I did love you a whole heck of a lot. And maybe you'll come calling, and maybe that'll be enough to push you over that hump and finally choose to grow. It's such a long shot. It won't ever happen. I think you'll be mired in this pain, this grief. It'll hurt too much for you to ever even think about me clearly. And that'll be it. Maybe you'll still dream of me. Maybe those dreams will still hurt. After you've long been married, and that you should be over it. I won't know. I can't know. I really hope it doesn't get all the way there, but I also have no influence over the outcome anymore. I've given it all I could, and meddling any more would definitely be detrimental. I've done all that I could, and I'm out. But, it's also not my life, and I have no more responsibility that what you give me. And if I get none, I have none. No way to change you, though I've never had a way to change you, except by loving you, and watching you grow from it. 

It hurts, but I can look at it.
I wish, but it won't come true.
I live, without you in my life.