---
layout: post
title: Wistful
date: 2022-03-25 20:39:41
---

I miss you, I miss you a lot, but even if I came back around, there's nothing there for me. Only more mixed messages and a space in the friendzone. You're probably doing just fine anyways. You don't want me, you don't need me.

There needs to be enough space for change in your heart. Though, the more likely outcome is that this won't pass. And you'll just be who you are, and it won't work for me. There's so much more to show you though, and it would be awesome if you can see what I see.

And talking with Grace more, I really should just walk away. It was toxic in its own way, maybe not toxic, but just not a fully supportive thing. On your end, and then on hers. But you know your own hesitation now. And for her, well, she gets to figure it out. There is a very narrow path for making things work together. So, you know it isn't likely to happen as you wish. We just have to let go and move on. And that means expanding your life, and bringing more people in. Not worrying too much about "leading girls on" or other things that mature people can deal with. 

How does this thing about trying to stay friends work out? 
Your friendship is strong, but is mostly based in person. Lots of it isn't built on words. Most of your relationship with her is the love you get and the love you feel in her presence. Lots of it is physical. We don't use our connection to talk about problems and our stresses or providing support, because that isn't something you do. So cutting off the meat of the relationship by never seeing me again, means that the small connections don't have a real purpose anymore. Our friendship doesn't have all that much substance in the distance, it's mostly built around contact, touch, presence. The emotional connection just isn't there without you here. It would be like a catch up every few months/year type of distant relationship. Boring shit right? Our texting is all in scheduling, meeting up to be in a place where the real thing can happen in real time. I never needed much of you outside of seeing you. And I think that's the best sort of thing. Independent. Keeping up for the sake of keeping in touch between meeting. Not keeping in touch just for the sake of knowing. Because I really don't want to know right now either.

Your life can be bigger than this. You'll find people, you'll meet lots of new faces. There's more to be found out there. 
Go find that, go live that part. It'll be fun I promise. 