---
layout: post
title: The Pits
date: 2022-02-16 17:32:47
---

What is going on?
You've been cycling through thoughts about hannah for the past few days, and you're not sure what to think about her anymore. You know that she definitely is in love with you to some degree, and that you've caused her a lot of heartache. Her mind was ready to give up on you and move forward with this boyfriend of hers, but her heart wasn't. And for what it's worth you fingered her to a bunch of orgasms, and told her the truth that her feelings and her orgasms come more from your mutual connection than from anything you're doing physically. Especially since it was all pretty simple stuff. Way more impactful since it's been a couple of months since we last fooled around, and she is all pent up because her boyfriend sucks. But, at the end of that, in your mind, you only avoided the catastrophe of her moving on and never talking to you again. You still aren't sure exactly where she stands, and that uncertainty is really killing you especially as you try to release the suppression of your own feelings for her. In a lot of ways, you have already loved her for months. It has been a whole struggle to figure out what you wanted, how you would move forward with learning pick-up, and how to hold onto hannah, and all your feelings. Unsuppressing all of these feelings is rough though, and it pushes you back into the very heartbroken feelings that you had before. And maybe that is a lot of what you're experiencing right now. 
Your whole experience with grace, and all that love that you built in two weekends has pushed you forwards a lot relationship wise. It almost feels like having had that, you don't really need any more time with other people, since it felt like an entire relationship, with a whole lot of heartbreak, but not any bad feelings, or animosity. The dating process itself was never super appealing anyways, trying to juggle a few different people and turning them down at the end of it all, or just having a bunch of weirdos who are clingy. That just leaves having sex with a bunch of people, and maybe like grace, anything less connected doesn't feel quite worth doing. It is a dangling goal that would be nice to finish, but also does not feel very worthwhile anymore. And the experience, well you've gotten to the point of seducing someone to the point of almost making out and probably able to take them home. You feel like you have 99% of the things you wanted to do, done. And you've grown a hell of a lot for it. 
The forward looking view though, is a lot of concern for how/who/where hannah is in her own self. She is surprisingly repressed emotionally, and you didn't realize how deep that goes until now, when talking to her about which relationship to pursue. She listed your effects as, "very good at sex" and "makes my arms hurt when I think about you." Which I didn't try to clarify for her, but to me those are real deep feelings that cut all the way to the heart, that they can get through your repressed emotions and leak out. A physical sensation of lust, that isn't purely lust, but which only the horniness bubbles into the consciousness. The whole comfort and openness and warm fuzzy feelings of emotional safety, either aren't noticeable or aren't felt. And those are seem to mean that there's a huge amount of emotional repression that we would need to resolve for us to work out in the long term. 

I almost never felt that she was super suppressed. The first inkling you had was the confusion over what happened at our start. We talked and vibed very well in the car ride back home, which lasted such a long time, but felt so quick. We stayed at hers and had dinner, and a walk at which point I finally went home. It wasn't explicitly flirty, but you also weren't super pick-uppy yet either. I also forgot to tell my parents that I had "made it home" (oops). And then each time after I stayed so late, and cuddled in bed with you, in a very lover-like way. I think. The attraction was definitely there. But, she swears she didn't want to sleep with you. There was definitely some resistance to the kiss, but after that, everything just opened up, and it happened. She probably thought herself kind of a slut after that, a self-judgmental shame, over having done it so quickly and with so little definition in our relationship. But all of that emotional language coming off of her, can she just not feel it?
Most of the time you can feel the emotions coming off of her, and you know for sure that some part of her feels everything. Her heart still works as it should. The love shows, in all the little actions, and the smiles and laughter, and messenger bag holding, and being close and wanting to cuddle. And in new york, you saw her being super joyful and open and expressive, we think because she finally knew what you felt about her and some of the heartache finally subsided. In most other times, you became very open and vulnerable and always trying to bask in the comfort and stay open. And you've thus never felt her tsundere side, or her retreating into herself. Even with the sketchier topics like bootcamp and grace, you've been open and told her about it all. 
And that is the kind of effect you have on her, she just doesn't know it consciously.

So your requirements are 
- [emotional reset] 1 month of single-ness, which probably implies no kissing and no sex (but actually 3 weeks minimum?)
- [commitment integrity] tell him that you cheated, as much or little detail as you desire
- [growth] See the growth, be willing to put the effort into the growth, it is a long term hazard, but I have faith.
The best perspective is that I want to get to know ALL of you, and I mean all of you. And your intellect and your emotional sides are 2 parts of the whole. And, I can feel your emotional side, but I can't get to know it until you know it yourself.

And reponses to the minor logistics issues
- I would definitely want to see you more often for sure. There is a limit of falling into it too much, but 2-3 days a week? minimum once. and long vacations spent with you. 
  - Lots of our schedule was to provide enough emotional space to maneuver for your dating other people, and me thinking about pick-up.
- I'm much more intense than you are. You'll just have to live with that
- On some level, the intensity of presence and connection means you also don't feel as much of a need to see me as often perhaps
- It is only a 30 min train ride on the express, and then 10 mins by car. I'm not as far as you think I am sometimes. And I'm also willing to drive...

Getting it all down in once place to stop the cycling thoughts definitely helps. I don't feel completely peaceful yet, but I feel more okay with it. 
